it 's not like they make you feel right at home .
i will not be going back to this place .
the drinks were expensive and a little weak .
my husband ordered a ruben and he got a turkey sandwich .
i signed up for their email and got a confirmation email .
i 'd recommend giving them a try .
i do not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will never go again .
bad service , and bad company .
oh yea , i got my band geek .
i was so nervous that she made me feel uncomfortable .
food was ok and tuna was not great .
everything is so greasy and tasteless !
the biscuits and gravy were good .
i ca n't wait to come back next year .
they were so rude , rude , and over priced .
god i hate pei wei .
overpriced , bland bagels , bland cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes me sick .
and every experience has been a negative one .
when i got to the room , there was nothing to fit in .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
horrible dentist and staff !
food is fantastically bland and portions are very small .
greasy , greasy , and not fresh .
these two women are idiots .
the most disappointing thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very disappointing , was not impressed with the food quality .
the menu is very limited , boring , and boring .
she was spot on as they were cold .
i love this place , the service is horrible !
$ _num_ to shop for gift !
do n't come here if you want a good experience .
the staff is rude and the atmosphere treats you like crap .
the front line is so much longer than this store .
this is where the customer comes in and is treated like an idiot .
i also do n't like the location off of scottsdale road .
their ranch dressing is the worst i have ever had as well .
i 'm very disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really disappointed in the range .
they have a terrible selection and a very unfriendly staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
stopped in to grab a bite to eat , watch a game , etc .
the lunch and dinner items are very expensive as well .
charlie was rude and unprofessional .
the pizza they have on the lunch special is awesome .
i will not return often !
they have _num_ soups everyday .
nice people , but clearly no customer service whatsoever .
produce is very over priced and poor quality of produce .
the food here is disgusting .
the first time i came in , i knew i wanted something different .
if a performing arts event is not a good choice do not go here .
this place has been making terrible sushi for years .
even in the summer , they have no patronage .
you will be disappointed in all of their customer service and lack of professionalism .
my husband and i spent $ _num_ on food and drinks with our friends .
we went with a group of eight and all had a bad experience .
the service has always been horrible .
thanks for making our night an awful experience .
i had a spanish omelet and was very disappointed .
they have _num_ massage chairs and _num_ massage chairs for each visit .
the wait staff is extremely unfriendly .
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair was terrible .
it is slow and the staff is not friendly .
rude and disrespectful with a nasty attitude and horrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely terrible .
it was also hard to sit at the bar .
the soup was absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are rude , condescending and short with our needs .
their lunch special is a waste of money .
our experience with this business was horrible .
the only positive is that the location is right in front of the building .
you have to sit outside to get the worst service from this place .
the food is overpriced and uninspired .
the fettuccine alfredo was just okay .
we dropped off our car at this location two weeks ago .
this place was a little off to what was already an awful experience .
prices are a tad high but not worth it .
the message therapist was awful also .
came here with my family .
i said no , i will go in _num_ minutes .
the escargot was dry , chewy and tasteless .
he transformed me into a new one and gave me a new one .
this resort has been in business forever and it does not exist .
also , the crab rangoon does not come with plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a cheaper price .
all around not a good place to grab a drink .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst i 've ever had .
horrible scenery and friend staff .
the beer selection at 2x is more expensive than the average beer selection .
we could n't wait to go back on the way back to our hotel .
if you 're into sports , this is not the place for you .
i hate their _num_ star design collection .
i did n't like their juices as well .
do n't waste your time here if you have a choice .
oj and jeremy did a horrible job !
alignment , brakes , etc .
it was very disappointing to me !
staff : very rude and unprofessional .
i 'm not a tea lover at the phoenician .
the enchilada sauce complemented this dish .
horrible decoration and terrible service .
very disappointed with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak .
this place is super gross !
they are outdated with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were very rude to me .
the place was empty at 7pm on a saturday night .
it was not worth it .
oh kee , how do i love sushi .
she kept our drinks full and gave us attitude .
i had the buffalo chicken burger , it was dry and had no flavor .
not good kebab dishes .
i ordered a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was cold .
the service was horrible and the staff was very rude .
pool tables do n't make for a fun night out .
the side of scrambled eggs were not good , not great .
pricing is not fair at all .
these guys are top notch , rude and very unprofessional .
they made me feel like i was part of an inconvenience to them .
maybe it 's a different color , maybe it 's a different color .
not giving an extra star for customer service .
not a big bowl of sweet happiness .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat .
not too bad after the river .
food was ok , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would never go back .
i ordered the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and incompetent .
i should have sent my thoughts and gone somewhere else .
not dolly a lot .
she is rude and does not care about your skin .
i am so sad to say that this place is a joke .
this is pretty darn bad pizza .
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible .
it was the most disgusting thai in the valley .
horrible staff and horrible food .
the mole sauce was watery , watery , and watery .
do n't go here , you will regret it .
the ribs were more like ribs .
the ride and staff were lousy .
however , we were very disappointed last time we brought our dogs here .
( i reccomend the drunken noodles with chicken ) .
for a chain this place is a joke .
this place reminds me of home .
one of my least favorite spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good food .
i hate to say that this is not a comic book store in circus .
it is an international delight .
it was just so gross and depressing .
the only plus is that i love the outside seating .
the only thing good was the sugar bowl .
with that being said , i was disappointed .
terrible food , terrible decor !
the food is not fresh .
do n't come here , spend your money and go somewhere else .
all of the food that i had was mediocre at best .
so far , terrible customer service .
this guy is seriously a jerk !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was terrible .
that 's not a rare find in this town .
it 's not good food .
the course was in a bad shape and the room was below average .
we wo n't be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) was okay .
food here is also so bad !
no , i will not be back .
i hate flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very unwelcome .
from what i can tell , the food is mediocre at best .
i would rather go to scottsdale instead of scottsdale .
my husband and i decided to upgrade our wedding dress to _num_ different mothers .
the only good thing is the prices on these racks .
the people here are sooo incredibly rude .
will not bring my vehicles back for any reason .
next time i will ask for a hotter side of salsa .
do n't go here to have some fresh donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision ever .
they do n't have an assortment of items to choose from .
they were light and fluffy , but not too sweet .
there are _num_ choices for pasta and pasta dishes .
really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i ordered the tamale sampler .
also , matt was super rude .
cleaned my plate , wrong amount of food .
and again , the food is awful .
but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most overrated place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also do n't get dessert when i have a sweet tooth .
i did not have a good dish to eat here .
this is by far my worst experience .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us with the menu .
service was slow as they continued to check on our table .
shame on you ladies for being rude !
really bad service , these guys do n't know their stuff .
not a good museum to visit .
no one wants to go to work and have a good breakfast .
at least once a month and still no tastings .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
as for the food , it does n't seem to be a first-rate .
its not cheap but you get what you pay for .
the food was ok , not great , but not great for dinner .
$ _num_ for _num_ wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible .
the food was just as bad as i ordered it to go .
this place has some terrible food .
the two men up front are so rude .
the food is ok , the salsa is mediocre at best .
i 'm not sure how much i have inquired about this place .
the seafood enchiladas were terrible .
i could n't eat it all day and could not eat it at all .
the food came out cold , and the portions were not good at all .
the food is a bit on the greasy side but not worth it .
ambiance and setting were so-so .
pizza was cooked to perfection .
my husband and i did n't care for our server at all .
everyone who works there is always so rude .
i ordered the cornbread appetizer .
i ordered huevos rancheros and was very disappointed .
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp was also a disappointment .
service was horrible to match !
the service is slow and inattentive .
terrible food and awful service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy were a $ _num_ breakfast item .
the rest of the staff did n't seem to care for the customer .
not worth searching out this gem .
my husband and i went here for our 3rd anniversary .
this is not a golf course that is tucked away in a strip mall .
sparkling wine flights were $ _num_ .
but the cheese pies are gross .
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner was the pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies were awful .
if you 're a bride , this is not the place to be .
poor combination of flavors , very disappointing .
mustard beef ribs were a joke .
i had the burger once and it was dry and not very flavorful .
i should rate the experience as followed .
do n't order the tzatziki sauce with anything else .
my meal was not very satisfying .
do n't try anything on the menu and you will be disappointed .
bartender made a dirty martini .
carlsbad tavern was awful .
other than that , it 's not great .
worst experience i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely rude and not a good person .
it 's not mexican food that tastes like it 's frozen , or homemade .
food is very bland and horrible !
on top of that , the place was empty and the servers were friendly .
fish tacos were pretty good .
hands down the worst dentist office in the valley .
they are all very rude .
when i picked him up , he did n't even look at it .
i do n't eat here often .
quality of food is terrible .
the service was slow and my waitress was very nice and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
he was a complete qualified russ .
when we get into town , this is the first place we go .
fiesta , you know , i 'm not kidding you .
they are also the worst in the area .
green chile chimis was ok .
$ _num_ for the repair .
overpriced , average food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce was so watery .
they are rude and inconsiderate .
the food was top notch and the service was a bit slow .
it can be pricey , but it is not worth it .
horrible service , horrible food , poor prices .
portions n prices were outrageous !
there was nothing positive about our experience from our waitress to our waitress .
not to mention the lousy food .
thank you for a miserable evening .
my daughter received no care .
when i called , they could not answer the phone .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the buffet .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was dry .
that comes with the smaller location though .
not fun place to drink beer .
it was not very family oriented and we felt that way .
even the sides were terrible .
she did an awful job on my hair and my toes .
the owner is a hoot and the manager is very rude .
will i come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both rude and arrogant .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing , check it out .
i stopped in here for lunch to get a slice .
it was a _num_ day trip from phoenix .
not the vibe of this place .
the staff are all super rude and on top of their jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food was way over priced .
they were a rock climb .
this place is a much better deal than the big chain restaurants .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto repair shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty disappointing because they played videos .
throwback : dirty tables and floors .
sit at the bar and eat the food .
the bathrooms are not very clean .
i just returned from a disappointing stay at this hotel .
ordered a chicken burrito and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news is that my recent visit was even worse .
it was such a swanky place to relax and get a drink .
we do not recommend american auto service to anyone we know .
the girls are not attractive at all , not friendly at all .
its loud and people are nice .
it was the most disgusting white pizza i 've had since living here .
after _num_ years of eating the gyro , i still have no taste .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were horrible .
all in all pretty bad !
slow , rude and dishonest service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here .
you ca n't tell how fresh the ingredients are .
i wo n't go back here again .
not a big deal , but this place is not worth the extra money .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here .
my husband 's pepper ribs were dry and tough .
everyone is super rude and not helpful .
it was cold , over cooked , and cold .
i travel all around the world and know mexican food .
went to volleyball tournaments on a thursday .
to name a few problems , we have seen .
do not take your pet here for the freshest fish .
rude owners and disgusting food .
they will not even deliver to the school .
ron is still the greatest .
i 'm a mexican food snob and this place is absolutely horrible .
they have _num_ types of cheeses .
i had the gyro sandwich with a side of fries .
i 've had probably one of the worst experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is horrible .
_num_ minutes to get in the kitchen .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the waitress did n't even remember me , which is not my fault .
we used to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very rude , disrespectful , incompetent , and unprofessional .
it 's located in a sketchy part of scottsdale and was really crowded .
it 's not worth seeking out .
super slow service , slow service and just plain bad food done right .
very rude and the associates there are not helpful at all !
oh , and on top of that , i had the chocolate peanut butter .
great prices , terrible selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and awful staff .
i ate every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
$ _num_ worth of parts and accessories .
the food is terrible here and very overpriced .
high prices , mediocre food , and an average cantina vibe .
this place offers mediocre , overpriced take out .
each time i go , it 's a whole new experience .
my family and friends have been going to this place for years .
since then , they 've added some new items on the menu .
they do n't bring it out for you at all .
there is no place to go for a football game or karaoke night .
all of my clothes are not returned in sparkling condition .
one of the worst service and worst food i 've ever had .
the food was ok , steak bites were a bit dry .
as far as pizza goes , this is the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really bland .
not a fun and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm not a drive-through customer .
it was so gross ; i 've never had anything like it before .
not something i will have again .
the california burrito was also a disappointment .
the woman who helped me today was rude and condescending .
the food was ok , but the service was terrible .
the drinks and the food sucked .
pei wei has better food , better service , and more outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
this makes for a routine visit .
avoid this place and will keep coming back .
we were seated right away and every staff member was extremely rude .
will not go back or recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic .
the food is also very disappointing .
the churros with ice cream were also dry and had no flavor .
do not order the ahi tuna .
she was so rude , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza was decent .
cooked to perfection and very bland .
the staff was very rude and inconsiderate .
the only thing i like here is the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to transformed , do not go to this place .
she said that my skin was too long , so i chose a color .
not a great place to watch sports .
this place is a dive bar , with tables and chairs in it .
the place is in the alley behind it .
my husband and i are nostalgia fans to try this place out .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
stopped in to catch a game on a sunday night .
most disgusting chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were mediocre too .
this place is empty when you can actually sit outside .
after a few minutes , i went back to a different location .
i would not recommend this place to others .
the food was ok but the quality of the food was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation and he said it was nothing special .
super cheap prices and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst i ever had .
this place is edgy and weird .
there is no place to see a show as every seat is available .
she was rude and i do n't know what she did .
the _num_ hour wait here can be ridiculous .
very busy but very bad service .
only take out or eat in .
every time i have had a bad experience from start to finish .
he is rude and does not care for his customers .
he said , `` how could you go wrong ? ''
the staff are rude and on the ball .
it had no flavor at all that i could taste .
i walked in and was helped right away .
if you sit in the bar they have the worst service ever .
do not use this shop .
their staff is incompetent and condescending .
it was a cool place , with lots to see and try .
they are rude , rude , and very unprofessional .
i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible .
dr. hall is so rude and condescending .
i had to box it up , it was a huge disappointment .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is wrong .
the fried fish was very bland .
the food , drinks , and desserts are just okay .
the carne asada burrito was awful .
this is not the date night .
lots of tv 's to play .
the artichokes were old .
the adovada bread pudding was okay , but nothing special .
do n't waste your time or money here .
i hated it and will never be back .
at that point , we made reservations at the restaurant .
very rude staff and manager .
they cut my hair and sage cut my hair .
no spectrum of us .
had a horrible experience at their restaurant and the food was terrible !
at no cost - no service .
the steak & cheese burrito was very dry and not very good either .
blue corn beef tacos were ok .
plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
i will not return to the roaring fork .
it will not stay at all .
the hummus was ridiculously watery and tasteless .
not good for a romantic dinner .
the owner told us he treats us very poorly .
i can honestly say i am sorry we will not be going back .
the green chile mac and cheese was awful .
do not use impact auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
do not use this bakery !
they do n't know their passion .
i would not recommend this salon to anyone , they are incompetent .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers .
$ _num_ , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and not worth it .
horrible food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is one place in scottsdale that is not acceptable .
i also do n't like that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus was my least favorite .
this is a shame , especially because of teresa .
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much food for the price and the portions are so small .
they are so greasy and gross .
the salads were cold and soggy .
