nothing has ever blows me away , but it 's definitely gone down !
there is always enough room for us to have a good view .
it tasted really fresh .
she said she 'd be back in a few minutes .
i can see how great this place is .
just picked it up and off the bat .
it is n't fancy , but it is still very good .
i was so happy that i could celebrate my birthday !
i do n't know the names , but the new owner is great .
but it 's delicious too !
we sat at the bar and got great service and good food .
they serve miso soup and a nice salad .
oh and there 's something about how great this place is .
we were able to sit at the bar where we had a great time .
the front office was nice and clean with plenty of parking in the back .
their chips are tasty , but their salsa is fantastic .
the food was very good and the service was even better .
primarily owned business with bright and friendly customer service .
the meat was juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare .
the blue cheese dressing is the best in town .
i love their pad thai with tofu in brown sauce .
`` yes , please ! ''
the food is good looking but the bun and egg were needs !
there 's plenty of meat and bread .
i was pleasantly surprised when i walked in the door .
i was very happy being there .
the service was fantastic , they were polite and efficient .
the staff is always an option .
the decor is seriously perfect .
we had a wonderful time and will definitely return to this location again .
the sales people here are great .
it is hot and not greasy .
thank you for the gift card .
we got a gift certificate from them and will definitely be back .
i look forward to working with her to let me know my experience .
the lady who was helping me was so helpful and nice as well .
the best part was the amount of meat in the burrito .
they really take advantage of you .
we have always enjoyed our stay at this wonderful family restaurant !
they always have great customer service in a timely manner .
they really need to work on their customer service and customer service .
we skipped dessert and went to the bar .
the `` works '' omelet was very good and the meat was flavorful .
i came to this place when i first moved to arizona .
you ca n't find a better restaurant in vegas !
i always ask for hot and sour soup .
i was very happy the night after .
we left very satisfied and will return again .
i just left this car wash and it was great !
we had breakfast here , and will return again for sure !
by far , the best service i have experienced in the years .
this was my first stop in for a wedding .
he takes the time to tell me how to fix it .
the people that go to this practice are great .
she was very sweet and made sure i was happy with the work .
the surprise star was the green beans .
they take a long time customer !
other than that , the food here is good .
i always look forward to my treatment and i am very impressed .
so far i 'm really impressed .
the best part is the price for two people .
it 's fast , easy , and has great customer service .
the food is pretty good and i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this place again .
this is a fantastic venue .
you will have a good time with your appetite .
go here if you want to be treated very well .
they may not be in the same spot .
owner is a very nice man .
this is a great place to live !
also a cool place to stop by after being at the door .
the crab cake was very good and i could taste the garlic .
their stock blended up in great shape and lots of fresh veggies .
great service the time i wasted .
the service is pretty good and we have spent several hours there .
the food is always good and the pool is not that nice either .
i love the executive chef 's menu .
this is my favorite mexican restaurant .
the real deal - brown sauce !
overall , a great place to revisit and have a good time .
i was pleasantly surprised with what arrived .
the offer of a free dessert is a nice touch .
i was so pleased that i left most of the way home .
the burgers are good , nothing special .
it was a wonderful evening .
they did n't even apologize .
i expected it to be busy , but the service was excellent !
great guy with his work !
the garlic bread was hot and delicious .
the hot sauce is good too .
i should have sent it back and walked out .
and they 'll tell you so .
i love the food here , however the service is horrible !
the gammage itself was amazing .
needless to say , i will be back for more !
i 'll definitely be ordering again .
let me tell you , this place is what it is for !
she did great work or anything .
great prices in plain retail .
the entire atmosphere was wonderful , and the speed was economical .
it smells and tastes like family !
who knows , it has been great !
the pizza is excellent at best .
the building itself is pretty abandoned .
they have really good ice cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a better experience !
well , i 'm not at this one .
if i could give zero stars i would .
i 'm still really hungry and only want one .
no appointment , no nothing !
i wish i could give less than one star !
the wonton soup was seriously delicious .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she is so sweet and would explain everything .
think twice , this place is great !
i 'm a big fan of the corn .
it 's always clean and the restaurant is very clean .
if you do n't insist on fried , i 'd definitely recommend this place .
my family and i have been coming to this location for years .
i was seated quickly , and got my food right away .
she gave great advice on what to get done and to help me !
the service at this location was excellent .
who ever i call to get my vehicle back !
it was a large portion of freshness and freshness of the seafood .
i now move to a new apartment and i 'm in .
service is a little funny to begin with .
loved the styrofoam cup of water and the service was excellent !
the food was very good and priced well for what you get .
i love to see them deliver on time and when it 's busy .
also came here to get a rear sealed tire .
this place is so much better than the traditional version .
i called me back , and they had a great time !
the food is amazing and you get so much better service at the store .
he was very nice and told me to come back next week !
the tsa agents are always friendly and helpful whenever i walk through the door .
i wanted to like this place , but it was a great experience .
everyone i know there is happy to work with .
and the services is way over priced !
they have a new name for car washes .
when i was finally there , i was pleasantly surprised .
just a very good patty cooked to a crisp .
so happy i am going back for more !
this is the best walmart in all of charlotte .
the new management team is amazing !
do n't bother ordering anything from the bar .
they have a truly amazing selection of deli food .
the service started out great .
i said , `` no , i 'm good . ''
the queen bed was amazing !
i 'm always waiting for an answer .
oh , and i have a feeling !
the cookie had a really yummy taste of my mouth .
this place is just great .
i have to say , i was impressed !
this is the best and i will go back !
this time around , i ordered a large with bacon and eggs .
he was so friendly and professional when we picked up the phone !
the owner personally helped me to apologize for the horrible experience .
nope , way better .
there are always friendly and great customer service .
our dog was able to answer questions , she was able to help .
the chicken was moist and there was a good amount of meat .
if you 're from out of state , this is your spot !
even the delivery driver really knows how to keep the line moving .
this is a great place for a quick lunch with a good friend .
i asked if it was ok and she was very patient with me .
the food was good and cooked well ... just right .
the food was fresh and hot ( i had the cod ) .
it was pretty busy , no complaints .
the restaurant area is nothing fancy .
i also loved that she actually ran away of smoke !
the food is also great , and the prices are n't very high .
i will take my business elsewhere .
they also have really good prices for student services .
it 's definitely an old favorite .
we went on a saturday night and it was packed !
the tzatziki sauce was amazing !
the texture of the meat looked amazing .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
i have to give them a _num_ star rating because of their customer service .
i will definitely go back there again .
this is by far the nicest person i 've dealt with .
the rest of the food is good and their service is quite good .
as for the food , it was fantastic !
the lady who helped me was nothing but nice to me .
i live in the area and this place is definitely worth the trip .
i ordered the bento box and my friend ordered the bento box .
i got the ravioli alfredo with rice and vegetables .
and they take that long to cook !
the pizza was that great .
but man did he stop !
josh did a great job and we feel so lucky to have him .
tasted great , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite tasty for the price .
everything on the menu is good and we should have ordered something different .
my desert was excellent , but not my favorite .
it shows that this restaurant has great food .
one thing to know is they do a great job !
i have been to this restaurant many times and am established .
the sandwich was delicious with a generous portion of cole slaw .
tom was great when i arrived at the door .
we waited _num_ minutes before we got up and ordered our food .
very good ice cream , very fresh and pretty .
everyone seems to be happy with their jobs and has been for years .
as soon as i entered i was impressed .
the food is good and the service is good .
i am sure this one can have some work done .
that is all i can say !
they also have a nice fountain drink menu .
their bagels are fresh and my feet are happy .
but , go to lunch and enjoy .
we always get to eat there , so we love it .
i 've eaten here several times and loved it as well .
great food and even if you 're the only one there !
however , everyone else enjoyed their meals .
this was my first time here and i am so impressed with the service .
overall , i really do enjoy this place .
everyone was very nice and helpful , and it did n't disappoint !
the service is great and they can usually get you a seat pretty quickly !
it 's an option !
they do a great job for me and my family .
and let 's start off by saying wow .
seriously , i have never shopped here ... .
it is the absolute best pizza in the valley .
their inventory is phenomenal !
the chicken fried steak was great and so was the green beans .
they can charge a lot for that .
it was something for her .
this place has won me off for the last time .
this is a great sign with people .
definitely worth the trip .
i also ordered an entree because it was delicious too .
the restaurant was a mess .
it 's been my experience !
the chicken taco was good but nothing extraordinary .
i would definitely recommend him to anyone from camping world .
i always sit down and wait for my order .
its a very nice clean park .
i will continue to call them again with no response .
he worked with me to get the work done and fixed it .
it 's clean and inviting .
i 'll definitely return on my call .
if you travel a lot , this is the hotel .
it would be nice to have some hot food on the patio .
the food here is tasty and affordable .
this one is definitely on the ball !
i cook my food for a decent amount and it is cook fresh .
the tow package is a great value .
always a good time to go and have a good time !
i love it when all the employees are there .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon !
you can always trust me to shop here !
i had the french toast special , and it was very good .
the service is now above average , but not great .
this place has the best pizza i 've ever had in my life .
so is what you want to give !
when i came back , i bought it !
the equipment is so clean and modern .
great place to take the kids .
very good place for some smelt theaters .
but they over and over deliver !
i do n't know why it was so packed .
nothing too special about this place .
it 's perfect for every occasion .
he definitely cares about the overall experience .
this is the only one in charlotte , and they are the best .
the chow mein and mongolian beef were very good .
the service is pretty good even though it is close to my work .
and i could n't ask for more !
my husband and i have never been so impressed !
i just bought my two sets of shoes and accessories .
very happy with our stay at this hotel .
very fast service , great menu , small portion sizes .
so , so good .
the bread was fresh and the dip was good .
he always does a great job for me to come in !
what the heck are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was highly impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the sauce is amazing too !
the bread was crisp and tasty , and the cheese was quite tasty .
i used their coupon system , and the service was great !
cute , old school pants on fire .
they have something for everyone , and you just have to find something !
we are so happy with our chinese food .
great food and service .
this is a cute old school hardware store .
the food is amazing and it 's served piping hot .
all were very good as usual .
this place is beyond a gem .
this place is a great hole with great service .
it turned out to be a lot of fun but it was worth it .
went in for an adjustment and it was perfect .
service was just as pleasant .
i recommend this to anyone .
the best thing i was offered was the guacamole dip .
the staff always seem to care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i will definitely be back !
the brown rice is really good .
did n't even get a response !
after speaking with the manager , i highly recommend that you see the owner .
went in for alterations and was treated very well .
i had the cesar salad which was great !
it would have been nice if it had just been so busy .
i always make a reservation and i would like to make a reservation .
i have to let them know and they are very caring .
i also love how fresh their rolls are .
it was good to get finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
the owner will actually read your review .
do not order from this place !
price was kicked out , so i purchased a marquee .
the water tasted amazing !
the food is just as good as the other locations .
it sounds good !
it was clean and hot in there .
the serving size is huge , and the serving size is great .
it was fried and very tasty .
i never before have such a poor attitude toward a customer .
the prices are very fair with the service .
the owner of this place is great with all of your customers .
i 'm definitely going to see her again in a heart beat .
they will do anything about you .
one of my favorite restaurants in the valley !
they also have a great selection of what you can buy for $ _num_ .
i always get the drunken noodles .
these guys are the best quality .
thank you for being in the hospitality industry so much more !
service was good and food was made up for the quality of food .
the service was great and we always had to walk up to the bar .
the pizza was greasy , greasy , and extremely good .
maybe they have a good night !
this place is clean and the service is friendly .
the only thing that was good was the service .
so , it went in !
he was very knowledgable about what he was doing and it was very refreshing .
i booked my appointment for two days in advance and got right in .
well , maybe i 'll take some home with me !
the food was more than desirable and the service was very attentive .
when it finally came out , it was fantastic !
this is a family-owned business so you can trust .
the food is great too and the service is n't bad either .
it had great flavors , no salt and pepper .
i love the customer service it ruins .
when i walked in , the bartender was really nice .
i was very impressed with this place .
you 've got my business . ''
the tour guides are great .
i 'm a big fan of walmart and i love to go there !
he always does great work and always walks away .
the chicken was moist , flavorful and cooked to a perfect medium rare .
the staff is nowhere to be found .
it tasted like cardboard and the crust had just the right crisp .
this is one of the best she 's had at any time !
she took great care of me and i will be back to see her .
thanks for your patience and expertise .
what a great time of my life !
my dog is one of her regular dogs , and she is one of her .
it 's a bit more pricey , though i guess .
the buying experience was great .
best customer service i have ever had !
this place has what happened to me .
for that reason , i 'll return !
this place is getting better and better .
the manager came by to check on us multiple times to see if we needed .
thank you for the low rating .
i almost always eat it .
the best time i ever cried from my first visit .
there was a great personality to our waitress .
i would n't have walked out with a friend but i loved it .
i knew there was a good chain !
i 'm sure they do it right the first time , too .
college graduation celebration for my son was a great success .
this is the second time they have it open .
the location of this shop is perfect for the time and energy .
i found him through yelp and i gave him some great advice .
the manager came over and chatted me up and said my order was right !
that 's a good thing or a thing .
the salon manager is a fantastic person .
this was so much fun that i enjoyed it so much .
we did n't want to wait , but it was worth it !
well , the place was a hole .
absolutely a great stay away from this place !
all have great restaurants and have great prices .
well , who cares ?
we will always spend our money here .
i will never purchase another toyota !
great detail , and falling apart .
i always leave happy with that !
fantastic , wonderful , wonderful service !
i really like this place , it has so much flavor .
i love me some wonton soup with my meal !
i 'm a huge fan of trader joe 's .
the meat was very flavorful and the rice and beans were very good .
you can definitely tell based on the reviews .
this is the best place in town for pizza .
the thai basil soup is creamy and delicious .
everyone is friendly and their food is perfect .
i would highly recommend anyone to live here .
it will take a while to get in .
great food and very friendly staff and great prices .
it was my first time visiting this place .
the moo goo gai pan is my favorite dish .
definitely recommend eating here if you are looking for good italian food .
the prime rib was juicy and cooked perfectly .
i respect all of this for their customers .
i will definitely be back to try other items from now on .
i will definitely come back to the restaurant and recommend it to others .
let me tell you , this place was packed !
it 's an authentic italian place , which is just so much fun .
my hair has been coming here as well as the cut .
best part is the price of using a credit card fee .
the chicken was cooked to order and the broccoli was very good .
other than that , i really liked what they had to offer .
the food is not that authentic .
otherwise , just keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the best .
this place has really improved over the years .
so much fun these days .
i can asu myself with the asu .
this is the best panda express in the area .
good place to open all the time .
they were very quick and did a great job at making our sandwiches .
very cool air conditioner in the hallway .
margarita greeted us promptly with a smile , and our waiter was very attentive .
i will continue to work with him and all the work done .
food is good ( compared to everything else in town ) .
this is a great state !
my jack and coke was very good .
i will definitely be coming back to this place again and again !
the grilled chicken nuggets are huge and packed with flavor .
we always look around and there is plenty of parking .
it is nice to serve this to all the guests .
excellent service , we have multiple seasonings .
the coffee all over the place is good too .
great service if at all possible .
i have been wanting to go for a long time and love it .
i told her how long the wait was , and she was amazing !
it 's great for what you get !
i also love that they bring you option of ordering a side of soup .
i recommend this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy sunday and the service was very pleasant .
the best part was that i had a reservation on the same day .
that too is what makes a great beer !
the food was made with high quality ingredients and tasted really good .
the beer was hot and delicious .
the lady who works in the store is awesome !
i will definitely go back for more and recommend anything from them .
there are definitely better places for breakfast .
the waitress was a huge help .
it 's not my favorite , but it 's solid .
they did it well , did it with just about everything !
awesome place , best food .
i will recommend this place to everyone , and will be returning !
prices are also slightly higher than other places .
i recommend them for anything in writing .
this is my favorite thai restaurant from far cry .
the manager that helped us was the best one ever !
the inside of the cabinets and kitchen are well kept .
the service in all areas was excellent .
i could have bought it for myself if i bought it !
they have a couple of empty tables and great service .
the occasional weekend is very good .
the wings are great but not great .
the problem is nothing is good .
i will always have to date !
i love apache theaters as well as almost as much as atmosphere .
amazing job on my toes !
thank you for taking such great pictures of the reviews .
you will be offered bread and butter .
there are far better places to go for chinese food !
we purchased a new one and it was fitted on the floor .
sketchy chinese delivery pizza !
everyone else was happy with their meal and that made me happy .
i 'm sure this place is good if they could get it right .
they do n't pay attention to their customers , and they are very friendly .
nothing but a special .
great place for a manicure and pedicure .
got here at 6:30 and got seated right away .
however , this experience went pretty nicely .
well , they can get that fight right out !
this was the best scorpions i have seen since my last review .
i was so impressed and so were the results .
they seem to really care about their job !
i would definitely recommend if i could .
always warm and warm at all .
everyone else was more than happy to be eating here .
i really like the size of the store .
this location is super clean and they even have super friendly staff !
their customer service is pretty good at both locations .
i love that they have a variety of things on the menu .
i love the little ones with the junior in it .
came here for some pampering for my wedding at the new location .
oh , and you are so good to go !
it was over my head !
enjoyed a great pedicure !
it 's been a great meal for a while .
we will have a tournament to that !
when i picked up the order , it was also very good .
they also have some of the best milkshakes .
