i 'm not sure how they make it right at home .
i will not be going back to this place .
the margaritas were weak and a bit weak .
i got a sirloin , my husband got a turkey sandwich .
i called and asked for an email with no response .
i would not recommend giving them a try .
no thanks , m & m .
just overall a poor experience and we will not go again .
bad service , and bad company .
oh , and i want my $ _num_ band on !
i was so nervous , but she made me feel very uncomfortable .
both the sushi and steak were not fresh .
everything is so bland and disgusting .
the biscuits and gravy were disgusting .
i ca n't wait to come back next year .
they were fast , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i hate pei wei .
bagels med tasty , cream cheese , and toppings .
do n't see why you get here .
the lady that i spoke with was very rude .
$ _num_ for a small bowl of sushi ?
this experience has been a nightmare .
the tenants in the room were exactly what i needed to fix .
this place is one of the worst in my opinion .
incompetent staff and doctor .
the food was fantastically overpriced and portions were very small .
it was big , dry , and full of grease .
these two women are idiots .
the most disappointing thing , of course , was the food .
we were both left so disappointed .
went for lunch and was very disappointed with the selection .
the menu was simple , plain , and very limited .
the services was spot on as they were slow .
i used to love this place , the service is always horrible .
not a gift shop for me .
do n't go there if you want a good deal .
the place is dirty and the staff treats you so poorly .
their front desk is so much worse than this .
this is the first place where i am treated like an idiot .
i went to this location because of the yelp reviews on yelp .
this is the worst pizza i have ever had as well as their wings .
i will not go back for future services .
it 's pretty nasty compared to other places .
she did the most awful job .
not a beautiful range .
they have a poor selection and a poor staff .
this place needs to keep in mind .
went here to grab a beer , grab a beer and watch a game .
the lunch and dinner menu were very limited .
the charlie was rude and unprofessional .
the only good thing is the pizza , they have a lunch special .
i will not return .
they have _num_ different soups .
rude , lazy , and awful customer service .
overpriced and not very selection of produce .
the food here is mediocre .
the first time i walked in , i knew i had just left .
not a good choice if going to the arts or the event .
this place has been making an appointment for _num_ years .
so , you have no choice .
needless to say , you will not be disappointed at all !
my husband and i stayed here for some time and had the worst time .
eight times a week and we were all out of everything .
the service has always been poor .
we were celebrating our special trip to phoenix .
i ordered a greek omelet and was very disappointed .
i get that the rooms are small and the massage chairs are uncomfortable .
the wait staff was extremely inattentive and extremely unfriendly .
also , the food is terrible !
she told me the color on my hair was n't good .
it is slow and the staff is always rude .
rude and crowded with a horrible atmosphere .
the chicken parm i had was absolutely terrible .
it was also awkward to sit at the bar .
the food was to die for .
the worst chinese food in the phoenix area .
they were rude , condescending and did not listen to our needs .
the lunch special is a joke .
my experience with this business was horrible .
first off , the location is in a pretty bad part of town .
you have to go outside to find the worst service ever !
the food is bland and lukewarm .
the fettuccine alfredo was flavorless .
i rented a car from this location two weeks ago .
what was supposed to be a very nice little place to start my vacation .
the prices were a bit high .
the pedicure chair is awesome also .
i was here with my family .
i waited _num_ minutes for my car to go in , never again .
the escargot was overcooked , chewy and bland .
after she cut me off she gave me a completely different cut .
this place has been in forever _num_ and it shows .
however , i ordered the crab ravioli in a light crab sauce .
i have gotten so many compliments on my hair at a fair price .
all in all , a decent place to grab a drink .
flourless chocolate cake was the worst dessert i 've ever had .
no silverware or friend staff .
the customer service at this store is typical of $ _num_ or more .
ca n't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu .
if you 're into that , this is not the place for you .
it 's a _num_ star brand .
it was not fresh as well .
if you are in the phoenix area , do n't waste your time .
oj and jeremy did a horrible job .
tires , brakes , and tires .
it was not very good !
staff was very rude and rude .
i was treated like an idiot for the afternoon tea .
the enchilada sauce barely complementary .
horrible venue and no resort service !
very disappointed in the quality and service .
one of my favorite places to go for a beer .
this place is super slow !
the restaurant was modest decor .
this is my go to place .
the prices at sonora are too high .
there was no place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
kee , how do i hate you .
our waitress kept bringing us drinks and our drinks .
i ordered the salad with the ranch dressing , and it was terrible .
i had the bakeb dishes and was very disappointed .
i ordered a turkey sandwich and it was terrible .
the service was horrible and the staff was very rude .
cheap restaurants and drinks make this a good place to stay .
the side of eggs were n't even good , the bacon was fine .
both were expensive and expensive .
these guys are top notch , but extremely slow .
it made me feel like i was an inconvenience to their customers .
now , it 's more like a _num_ piece chicken breast than a wing .
a _num_ star for customer service .
it was not a big bowl of any kind .
one of my favorite chinese places to eat .
not even close to the river .
but , it was a bad way to eat .
the service was terrible and would never go back .
i ordered the pork tacos .
staff is rude and knowledgeable .
thoughts i have no way of going back there .
service was a bit lacking .
the lady is rude and does not care about you .
i 'm glad to say this , but i 'm totally disappointed .
this is pretty darn bad !
everything we 've had here has been very disappointing .
it is the most disgusting thai in the valley .
horrible staff and bad food .
the sauce was bland , the chips were stale .
do n't go here , you will regret it .
i ate a lot more than the chicken .
however , the ride was horrible .
we were very disappointed , especially when we took our dog for shots .
if you stick with the drunken noodles ( $ _num_ ) .
not a chain restaurant but this is terrible .
it kind of reminded me of home .
one of the worst places in scottsdale .
i will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch , asked for a wine list .
my problem with this circus is that it is a family-owned business .
it was an arby 's .
it was just so nasty and disgusting .
the seats are so uncomfortable and the outside seating is so hot .
the experience is at the sugar bowl with boba .
with that being said , i was disappointed .
bad food , bad decor !
the food is always cold .
save your money and go somewhere else to get some of your money .
all of the food that i had was sub-par .
so far , horrible customer service .
this is seriously a bad guy .
i went here for happy hour and it was a disappointment .
it 's a bad business in a neighborhood .
it 's mediocre food .
the only good thing was the average course in terms of layout .
we will not be back !
my complaint is that when they brought it to me .
the food here is also so bad !
needless to say , i will not be back .
skip the flavored coffee .
the staff made me feel very unwelcome .
from what i can tell , the food is mediocre and overpriced .
i would not recommend sky harbor airport to anyone .
my husband sent me to an emergency to get my mothers birthday party .
do n't waste your time on the racks .
the employees here are sooo rude !
i will not bring my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was ok , but i would ask for a hotter sauce .
they have some nasty and some nasty stuff .
came to this location today and was told that they have the worst service !
they have an ok selection of food to choose from .
they were too dry , and too oily .
the baked goods section is full of pasta and pasta .
really poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i ordered the enchilada combo .
the employee was also super rude and unprofessional .
they brought me a plate of food .
and again , the food was so bland .
the place is not worth the wait .
even the chinese food is still in the same strip mall pizza places .
absolutely nothing but customer service when i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i only eat here when i have a sweet craving .
i did not have a dish to eat here .
this was by far my worst experience .
the service was slow to get to us and the bartender was very rude .
but not as great as the server came to check on us .
shame on you for being awesome .
really bad customer service , these guys know their stuff .
not a good visit .
do n't go there and have a problem with the work done .
at least once a month it 's still $ _num_ .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
that is , however , the nest-rate menu items are missing .
its cheap , but you get better service .
everything was great , but menu options were limited for both lunch and dinner .
only good thing was prices on wings .
the service was slow but the place was packed .
the food was just as bad as the last time i was there .
this place has some nasty food .
the ladies up front are so rude .
the food is top notch , the drinks are mediocre at best .
i have no idea why people like this place so much .
the chicken and seafood enchiladas were awful .
i could n't even eat it all day and could n't finish it .
the food came out cold , and the portions were pretty small .
the chips were a bit on the salty side but well worth it .
atmosphere and atmosphere were terrible .
the pizza was cooked to perfection , cold .
i 'm very disappointed in the front of my wife and she did not .
everyone who works there is always rude .
so i ordered the catfish appetizer .
the huevos rancheros were good , not great .
the customer service in this location is horrible .
and the firecracker shrimp were pretty tasty , too .
service was horrible to match .
the service is slow and slow .
terrible food and awful service !
this place still kicks .
my chicken and biscuits were a disappointment too .
there was a problem with the rest of the restaurant .
not worth driving out of this world .
my wife and i stayed here for our anniversary .
this is a place that is tucked away in a strip mall .
the wine was sparkling cold .
the bread and cheese pies were delicious .
the bbq salmon was not good .
the worst part of our dinner was the fried chicken breast .
the steamed veggies were bland .
this is a place you want to be treated like an idiot .
poor flavor , very bland .
the beef ribs were a must .
i had the chicken once and it was tough and chewy .
i was not followed through .
i did n't like the tzatziki sauce .
but my meal was very disappointing .
do n't try anything off the menu , you will not be disappointed .
bartender made a bad margarita .
the chicken carlsn was awful .
other than that , it 's just ok .
i went to outback on my recent trip .
absolutely horrible and a rude person .
the food is standard , tastes bland , and it 's overpriced .
food is very bland and not fresh .
the service was so slow , all of the employees were smiling .
fish tacos were pretty good .
hands down the worst airport in the valley .
they are not very friendly .
when i called him back , he was so rude !
i am italian and i do not eat here .
quality of food was terrible .
the service was slow and the hostess was very rude .
the worst bar in town .
they are doing a terrible job .
my complaint is not qualified .
when we first move into this place , it was a disaster .
my fiesta is chicken , so i get it .
they are the worst in the area .
their green chimis were disgusting .
thanks for the horrible repair .
otherwise , overpriced bar food .
we had dinner here last night and were disappointed .
the marinara sauce was so bland .
they are extremely rude and unaccommodating .
the food was a bit of bland and the service was absolutely terrible .
it may be cheap , but it is not worth it .
rude staff , mediocre food , horrible prices .
portions n prices were high !
there was only one person there , but an attitude from the waitress .
not to mention the horrible service .
thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter did not care .
and when i called , they never answer the phone .
they were very rude and not apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
overall it was a much better experience than the food .
i ordered the carne asada , and it was dry .
very disappointed in the smaller location .
_num_ minutes to go drink .
but it was very chaotic and we were very disappointed !
the sides were n't great .
she did a horrible job on my nails and toes .
the restaurant is a hoot and the owner is a dick .
would i go back next time i 'm in town .
he was both rude and arrogant .
this is one of the worst airports in the area .
if you 're not into that sort of thing , stop by .
i went here for lunch to get the wings .
my daughter was sick from the phoenix area .
the vibe of this place is weird .
the employees are all rude and do not care about their jobs .
the corn bread was also bad !
super expensive and way over priced .
this is not a climb .
the chicken sandwich was much better than any other smoke shop .
by far the worst experience i have ever had at a dry cleaner .
so i made the mistake of going here .
good music videos were played but it was very loud .
the ambiance of this restaurant is shabby and soothing .
sit at the bar and wait for your food .
the floors are not very clean .
i just returned from a very disappointing stay .
i ordered a chicken burrito and an enchilada with rice .
they go above and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the only good thing about my visit was the lack of service .
so it was nice to get a swanky face in the face .
i would not recommend bell trans auto to anyone i know .
the girls were n't very friendly at all and very unfriendly .
the place is small and people are rude .
i used to eat here all the time since i was a young child .
i 've had better pizza from other places and this was not the best .
service was marginal and food was even worse .
the owner and suzanson were terrible .
all in all pretty bad !
slow , slow and rude service .
the food is decent , but their service can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly ever .
you can tell how low the chips were .
i will not go back here again .
this is not a good location , unless you have a coupon or something .
this is the worst chinese restaurant in town .
keep up the bad service !
every time i go through mexican food i do not go here .
the beef and pepper ribs were very dry .
the staff is super rude and not helpful .
it was cold , over cooked , and dry .
all in all , do n't know about the food .
there are no volleyball tournaments at all .
this was a few yelper 's i have seen .
the food here is always mediocre at best .
rude owners and rude food .
they do n't even deliver to your house .
ron is not the greatest .
this place is a little run down with old school italian food .
poor selection of meats and cheese .
the gyro was very small with very little meat in it .
probably one of the worst experiences i 've ever had at a subway .
the green corn tamales were decent .
everything they serve is horrible .
_num_ minutes to watch the kitchen .
place was not busy and the drinks were well kept .
the bartender was very rude , which is always a plus for me .
i would not go as a family .
also , they do n't have much space to find your apartment .
very unfriendly , lazy , and very unfriendly .
it 's in a sketchy part of town and it 's conveniently located .
it is not worth seeking out .
super slow service , mediocre food , and super slow service .
the associates there are all rude and do n't pay attention to their customers .
i made the mistake of getting a milkshake and my friend ordered the waffle .
terrible selection , terrible prices .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn shop in phoenix .
no specials and rude staff .
i ate every last bite .
the food is no matter what price you pay .
they are extremely slow and over priced .
poor selection of clothes and clothes for $ _num_ .
the food here is very bland and overpriced .
crap selection , mediocre food , and not an authentic mexican restaurant .
this place is mediocre , take out .
each time i go it 's a different story .
my wife and i have been going to hooters for years .
there was only one other item on the menu which was a disappointment .
they do n't bring it out for you at all .
not a bad place to go with a group of about _num_ .
my tires were not returned in any way !
one of the worst indian dishes i 've ever had and expensive prices .
the food was okay , i ordered a _num_ course meal with rice .
as far as service goes , this is the worst i 've ever experienced .
really bad service and food .
their wings were really disappointing .
always a slow and slow atmosphere .
i am not a drive-through customer .
it was very bland , i did n't like it much .
not something i will have again .
i ordered a california burrito and was very disappointed .
the lady who helped me was extremely rude and unprofessional .
the food was mediocre , overpriced , and the service was terrible .
nothing on the menu was the same .
pei wei has ok food , ok service , and outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
not making a repeat visit .
this place sucks and will never keep coming back .
i was a walk away and the staff was extremely rude and unprofessional .
will not go back and would not recommend to friends .
their chicken parm was really gigantic .
the food is also very bad .
the chips were also overcooked and there was no flavor at all .
i tried the ahi tuna .
she was so rude , rude and unprofessional .
hell , even the pizza was n't good .
cooked to perfection but very bland .
the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
the only good thing here is the salad i ordered .
this is not a place you want to stay if you are looking .
anyway , i found that very little color with my hair .
not a good place to watch sports .
this is an italian restaurant , with very little meat in it and east .
the entrance is in the alley .
being a nostalgia , my taste buds were n't happy .
worst chicken i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
went to catch up with a bunch of friends on a friday night .
not authentic chinese food .
the chips and salsa were terrible too .
this place is disgusting when you can even sit outside .
maybe a little too rough to work on a few beers .
i would not recommend this place to others .
the price was high , and the food was even worse .
so i asked for the manager and it was a total of _num_ .
terrible customer service and very rude staff .
their pho is literally the worst i 've ever had .
this place is not edgy .
there was no place to see a show or anything .
she was so rude and i do n't know what she was doing .
the _num_ hour wait here can be long .
very busy but not very good .
do not eat in or out .
every time i have had a bad experience from start to finish .
he is rude and does not care for his customers .
also , how could you not love a $ _num_ car wash ?
the staff is very rude and on the ball .
not much flavor in the grease , it tasted canned .
i walked in and was greeted and seated right away .
if you are in the bar area , do n't come in .
i highly recommend this shop .
their staff is rude and unprofessional .
try this place out , it is a little hard to see .
they were very rude , condescending , and super unfriendly !
i took my car in and it looked horrible .
dr. hall is so rude and unprofessional .
i ca n't even eat it , i had to box it down .
the food all looked terrible .
the shrimp here is terrible .
the lemon chicken and mango shrimp were tasty .
now the food , drinks , dessert .
the carne asada burrito was bland .
this was not the perfect date night .
lots of games to play on .
the artichoars were old .
the food is okay , but the adovada bread pudding is awful .
not a fun way to relax and enjoy .
it was disgusting and i will not be back .
we made reservations for at that time and were made to wait .
rude staff and manager .
my cut and color chicken sage was horrible .
_num_ people and _num_ spectrum .
the service was terrible and the food was terrible at best .
not worth the cost - terrible service !
the chips and salsa were very good , not too bad .
the corn tortillas with chicken were disgusting .
hard to eat and no flavor .
i will not return to roaring fork .
it will not work for you at all .
the soup was ridiculously salty .
_num_ minutes for a romantic dinner .
the owner walked by and treats us very poorly .
needless to say , i am glad i wo n't be back .
the green chile mac and cheese was bland !
i would not recommend impact auto .
poor quality , terrible service .
i get the same sandwich every time and i am just disappointed .
i would not recommend this bakery .
they have food and their sushi chef .
needless to say , my experience with this salon was completely different .
there are n't a lot of choices for food .
cheap , but below average price .
their chips are so stale !
the prices were n't worth it .
horrible food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is not a fast food place in vegas !
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus was mediocre at best .
this is a terrible one , especially because of the management .
i was very disappointed with their service .
the food is not fresh and just not worth the price you pay .
they are so rude and nasty .
the beans were soggy and not crispy .
