it 's been years since i moved here and it has gotten better .
there is definitely enough seating in that part of the restaurant .
everything tasted so delicious .
she said she 'd be back for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how clean this pharmacy is .
just took it off the bill !
it is n't fancy , but it is still very good .
definitely a place that i could use my birthday gift !
i love the new look - and i love all the new details .
but it works too !
we sat down and had some really great service .
they also include miso soup and a salad .
there is always something going on and i 'm happy with everything .
we always sit at the bar and order drinks if we can .
the place was packed and there was a line at the cash register .
their salsa is really good , and their chips are great .
the food was very good and the wine was even better .
primarily owned business with friendly staff that cares about their customers .
the meat is juicy and cooked to the point .
blue cheese dressing is the best by any means .
i love their thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said , `` yes ! ''
the store is clean and dumpy looking .
love the meat and bread .
when i walked in the door , i was helped right away .
she was happy being there .
they were professional and professional , but moving past the job .
the loyalty program is always an option .
the decor was seriously unique .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return again .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot and good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and it was delicious .
i look forward to going back to let her do a better job .
all she did was give me the best cut and style around .
the beans and rice are the best i 've found in the valley .
they always take good care of me and my kids .
we 've brought friends and family here because they are absolutely livid .
always friendly and always have great customer service .
they really need to work on customer service and customer service .
we skipped dessert and went back to eat .
my `` hot '' sandwich was hot and fresh and delicious .
when i first moved to charlotte , i found this place on yelp .
you 'll find a great selection in scottsdale .
i asked for hot and sour soup and got hot .
i was very happy the night after .
i left full and happy , and satisfied .
i just love this car wash and will be back !
had a great time and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food is good , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
he helped me to tell me how to fix it .
i go to this practice and they are amazing !
she was very happy that we were asking the prices .
the best part was the black beans .
a great time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was curious about the product but he also helped me right away .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my favorite is the two windows .
it has become my favorite place to eat , fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll have a good appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to have fun .
but it may actually be in stock .
owner is a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
great place to stop by after being at the hobby next door .
the garlic crab was pretty good and i could barely taste it .
it looks like blended up in a great shape and looks great .
what a great time i spent .
great happy hour prices and great beers all around .
the food is always good and the rooms are not that nice either .
executive chefs are always friendly and always come by .
this is my favorite indian restaurant .
love their brown sauce !
i will definitely revisit this course as a first time customer .
was very happy with what actually arrived .
he even offered a free dessert that was more than welcome .
the rest of the day i was so impressed with the whole experience .
the salads are great , nothing fancy .
overall it was a lovely evening .
the manager did a great job .
i found it to be fast , friendly and efficient .
great guy with his work .
the garlic bread is fresh and tasty .
the coffee is great too .
i know i have found this place and i will be back !
they 'll tell you though .
i love the food here ... service is great .
the gammage itself is amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for more !
i 'll definitely be ordering again .
let 's give you my opinion , that 's what it is .
she did a great job .
prices are great for retail .
this place was economical but the food was delicious .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been great .
the beer sauce is marvelous at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .
we love the ice cream pancakes as well .
i 've always had a better experience than this !
great place to eat at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i would .
now i 'm really hungry , and really enjoy this place .
no call , no nothing .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton is seriously filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she was very attentive and would explain everything .
think twice , this place is a gem .
i love all of the corn .
it 's always clean and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was drunk , i could still force myself .
as an arizona native , i have been going here for years .
i got there right away , got my order right , and got right .
thank you for making me feel so comfortable and important to my pet .
at this location the service was great .
so who ever i call to get my nails done !
it is so fresh and i love the consistency of fresh tuna .
if i lived in a lease i would definitely move .
service was a little slow to begin with .
our waitress showed up with a nice styrofoam cup for our table .
the food was great and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love to see what 's going on when it 's delivered .
went back today to get the rear sealed tire .
it 's so much better than a ny staple .
i always leave with a smile , and they always call me back .
the food is better than you find in the food court .
they tried to get me to come back and i was very happy .
we always end up demanding a show up at the gate .
i just wanted to like this place and it was a great experience .
i love that there is always a smile on my face .
and the cleaning is way reasonably priced .
they make a good name for car dealers .
when i got there , i was pleasantly surprised .
just a great burger cooked like a home .
so good and i am definitely going back !
this is the best neighborhood store out of all of them .
the new management team is amazing !
great place to go if you 're ordering anything .
they also have a good selection of deli food .
the service started out fast .
i love , love , and um ... .
the queen bed is amazing !
i 'm always waiting for an answer .
oh , i should have asked !
my wife found a cute mouse under one of the windows .
this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will go back .
furthermore , there is a huge selection on the menu .
he was very attentive and dismissive when he showed up .
the staff also listened to my concerns and made the whole experience enjoyable .
nope , way better .
great customer service and always smiling faces .
he was fast , efficient , and answered all my questions thoroughly .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a lot of it .
if you 're out on the patio , this is your spot .
the guys did a great job on how to work .
overall , a good place to take your family for a special occasion .
it was so nice , i asked her if she was joking .
the food was good , cooked well , and cooked just right .
the food was delicious ( i had the ribs ) .
service was great , no biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing fancy .
he also reeked of cigarette smoke !
also , the food is great , even by the lunch buffet standards .
so happy i brought my business .
great museum with lots of student options .
so delicious from an old favorite .
it was packed on a saturday night and there was n't a wait .
the tzatziki sauce is amazing too .
the texture of the meat was just right .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they provide one star because you have to give them one star .
i would definitely go back there again .
this was by far the nicest person i 've ever met .
the rest of their food is delicious and their service is fast and friendly .
as for the food , always great .
however , the tech said something to me .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a great lunch spot .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i loved it .
i love their garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo .
it does not take that long to cook !
the sandwich is always that great .
the owner will definitely stop her .
we just got to meet him and he did a great job .
tasted really good , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite affordable for my taste .
food was great and maybe we should have ordered off the menu .
but lastly , their brownie desert is amazing !
it shows that this restaurant has great food .
one day after another they do a great job .
we 've been to this restaurant many times and always enjoy it .
the cole slaw was quite tasty and full of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
we got seated right away and gave it another 5-10 minutes .
the ice cream is very , very , very well run .
wendy 's has been great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered it was delicious !
the service is excellent and the restaurant is clean .
i sure wish i could have cooked this one .
great is all i can say .
they also have a nice fountain soda fountain .
his egg sandwiches are huge and stink .
stay away , go to cheesecake factory !
we were in shock , because we found this gem .
i 've eaten here many times , and everything is as good as before .
the service is always great even if you 're a little late .
well , everyone else got their nails done .
so , that was my first time there and the food was delicious .
overall , i enjoy the place very much .
it did n't seem very sincere , but the employees are very nice .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
five stars is an option !
in the end , they did an amazing job for me .
let 's start with this review at noon .
seriously , i have never shopped here before .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was phenomenal !
chicken fried steak was good and the green chili mac and cheese was good .
he can make a great bloody mary .
we loved her and something .
this place has hooked me up for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .
definitely worth the trip .
i also had one entree that was delicious .
the restroom was a nice touch .
i love that it 's been my experience !
the beef taco is good but nothing special .
i would definitely recommend buying from camping .
i always sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i tried to call them with no response .
they always get me in and out , always done and done .
it looks nice and clean .
he did a great return call too .
if you travel a lot , this is a great hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than eat here .
the food here is fresh and tasty .
this one is right on the ball .
i love the fact that i am a picky eater !
the tow package is an amazing deal .
very fun place to have a good time and actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a new salon !
you can definitely pay me to shop here !
the french toast was good , and my mom loved it .
the food is always amazing , but definitely above average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
_num_ stars is what i want to give !
when it came we should have sent it back .
the equipment is so nice and clean .
i 'm always willing to take the chance .
this place is smelt like new to me .
they deliver on time and over promise .
i dont know why i was expecting great service .
love everything about this place .
razz 's delivers on every occasion .
no longer cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity pool is one of the best in the city .
the chow mein was very good and had great texture .
it is very easy to find parking and even though it is close .
i 'm sure they do great work !
two hours of my life and i love it !
dropped off my favorite pair of black shoes .
very impressed and would stay clear of this place .
service was good , pace was clean and friendly .
second time , so good .
the bread was fresh and the dip was perfect .
he always makes sure to come in for a great time .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very friendly and helpful .
i was very impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce is great too .
the bacon was crisp and crisp , and the sauce was perfect .
i checked in online , and the website said it was good .
honest , trustworthy , on fire .
plenty of parking , so you just have to sign up for it .
great place to get some sun chinese food .
always great food and service .
this is a nice old fashioned hotel .
the pizza is great and it has plenty of toppings to choose from .
the employees are very amateur .
this place is beyond amazing !
this place is a shit hole with great service .
it turned out to be great , but it turned out great .
went back in for adjustment and got right in .
service was just as pleasant .
i recommend this place to anyone .
the best thing i got was a free dessert .
management does not seem to care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i will definitely come back .
it is really good brown rice .
did n't even get a response .
needless to say , i contacted the store and was very pleased .
came in for alterations and was treated very well .
i also love their cesar salad with a house salad .
it would have been nice if it had n't been so hot .
she also offered me a free drink while i waited on her .
i emailed to let them know and they were great .
i really appreciate how fresh their ingredients are .
it did n't get finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't even read her , though !
absolutely delicious , always order from this place .
thank you so much , marquee !
even the water tasted amazing .
the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?
it was hot and fresh in there .
yes , the portions are large , but everything is delicious .
it was perfectly fried and very tasty .
i have never had such an amazing customer service experience before .
the prices are very competitive with frys .
it was great at the expense of the restaurant .
i 'm sure that 's what i 'll see if i 'm in vegas .
management does n't do anything about it .
these guys are right up the street from us .
what a great deal when you purchase a dozen bagels for $ _num_ .
i love their drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman is in the service industry with a passion for customer service .
service was good and could definitely make up for the poor food and service .
my husband and i always walk up to the counter to place our order .
the pizza was fresh , tasty , and quite tasty .
maybe they were having a good night ?
this place is family owned and operated and the service is great !
the only thing that we received was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .
i do n't think he was involved , but he was very informative .
i got an appointment for two days in advance , and got right in .
hopefully , they 'll take care of the animals .
the food was good , but the beer was less than desirable .
when it came out , it was good .
talk about doing so right before you go !
the food is great too and the service is great .
crab cakes are great , salt and pepper .
the customer service ruins it all .
when i walked in , the manager helped me out .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are my favorite . ''
the tour guides are great .
geek squad is one of my favorite places to get away from .
she does a great job and just walks away .
i also love the short rib hash and the sweet potato pancakes .
the staff is nowhere to be found .
it tasted fresh and had the right consistency .
it does n't matter how good it is at all .
i appreciated that he went back to take care of the car .
save your money & your patience !
what a great time of my life !
one for my wife 's dog , and one for her .
i 'm looking forward to going back more closely .
the server was great buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i 'll definitely return .
this branch is getting better and better .
they were able to tell us exactly what we were looking for .
thank you for the great service !
i did n't even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried a haircut .
there was a great personality to our server .
if i was with my boyfriend , i would 've walked out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they do it right some days but it 's worth it .
great place to celebrate a graduation celebration .
this is the second time they 've messed up my order .
the game room is a great value for the money and time .
i also appreciated that i could leave him with some good feedback .
the manager came back right away & helped me pick up my order .
that is a good thing and a good thing .
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so good that i just wanted to go out of there .
we did n't want to wait long , but it was worth it .
first , the bartender is an amazing guy .
absolutely worth a stay away from this place .
i love that the restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will definitely purchase another vehicle again .
i love the color and cut -- i love that .
we always leave happy with everything that we did .
amazing , amazing , wonderful service !
the pizza is so good and tastes just like any other pizza place .
i love me some wonton crackers !
i 'm a huge fan of chain restaurants .
the food was fresh and hot and the rice was very tasty .
you can always judge people based on appearance .
this is the best place in town for pizza and wings .
the thai basil soup came out hot and fresh .
their service and their food is outstanding .
i would recommend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food and very friendly staff and great food !
it was my first time visiting this place .
moo goo gai pan is my favorite dish on the menu .
if you are looking for good food , this is the place to go .
prime rib was tender and cooked perfectly .
i appreciate all the respect for this company .
we will definitely be going to walgreens from now on !
i will definitely make it back the next time i 'm in the area .
let me tell you , this place was great !
it 's not much of an irish pub , but it 's pretty cool .
her birthday celebration has been wonderful as well as her birthday celebration .
the best part was that it included a gift card and a gift card .
my favorite thing to eat is the spicy beef with broccoli .
other than that , i really do n't know what to expect .
the food is authentic and delicious .
actually , keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously improved over the years .
so much fun these days .
i always feel like dealing with asu at home .
this is the best panda express location !
the patio is open all the time .
she did a great job and did a great job on my nails .
the air conditioner in the hallway is very nice .
our server was extremely attentive and made sure we had everything we needed .
i just got my pictures to prove it .
it is very authentic ( compared to what they serve ) .
this is a great college .
jack and coke is seriously my favorite .
i will definitely be back again and again to eat at this place .
the chicken nuggets are great , and the falafel is moist and tasty .
i looked around and there were still customers .
it was nice to see this place serve food to customers .
we both enjoyed our seasonings and enjoyed it .
all of my clothes are clean and up to date in the morning .
enjoy if at all possible .
i always like to be treated with respect , respect and care .
we asked how long the wait would be and she was very nice .
it 's great for what you get too .
they also have a great selection of red and red peppers and onions .
went into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was excellent .
if i was the owner , i 'd definitely fire that in the kitchen .
they also have an excellent beer selection too .
the food is consistent with quality ingredients and wonderfully prepared .
the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
i will definitely go back to eat here again and again !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the surly waitress was a huge plus .
it 's not my fave , but it 's good .
yah , yeah , it does n't need replacing .
honest place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be going back again and again .
firstly , their prices are definitely higher than other places .
everything is good , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real mexican food .
the owner was the one who helped us out .
the cabinets and cabinets in the bathroom are always clean and comfortable .
great service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i wanted it done right i would have done it myself !
just grabbed a couple of drinks and got right in .
great food , great service and the occasional price .
the green enchiladas are great but not great .
the problem is everything was good .
i love the avail .
the apache bowls are also very good as well .
great job on nails and toes !
i always look forward to seeing some of the photos .
bread is always offered at a reasonable price .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
got a new one and fitted it on my own .
neat place for pizza delivery !
everyone else was happy with their meal until they finished their meal .
the place is small , so i figured it would be worth it .
they do n't pay attention to their customers and are always friendly .
desert followed by something special .
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the best deal .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're right near any bank that breaks .
the scorpions we 've seen have been great since moving here .
she was great , and so were we .
they really seem to care about their job .
definitely a _num_ if i could .
all very personalized and warm .
it was a great place to eat while everyone else was eating .
i love the size of the room .
this location is super clean and the staff is super friendly .
the customer service at this starbucks is always good .
i love the variety of toppings and string beans .
the people are great , especially the ones in junior .
the team at the sanctuary center were great to work with .
ra , you are so good to me .
half of it was well processed .
an older gentleman did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a year .
we are going to have a tournament tomorrow !
when i picked up the order , i was given a great price .
they always stock some of the most unique items .
