it does n't make me feel dirty .
i will not be going back to this place .
the drinks were cheap and the bartenders were good .
i got a turkey sandwich and my husband got the turkey sandwich .
i signed up for internet and got a bill .
i would definitely not recommend them to give them a try .
will not recommend bbb .
just not a good experience and i will go again .
cheap drinks and inconsistent .
sad to say , i got my vehicle back .
she made me feel uncomfortable so i was nervous .
both food and salmon were not good .
everything is so gross !
biscuits and gravy were dry .
i can not wait to come back .
they were so over priced !
i hate trader joes .
bland , boring cheese fries , tasteless ice cream .
then you 'll get there .
the manager was n't very helpful and that kind .
not a good selection of asian food for sushi .
every experience has been poor .
then , our food was cold and hard to find .
this is one of the worst strip in my opinion .
absolutely rude staff .
the portions are quite small and the food is flavorless .
no flavor , and always wrong .
these are _num_ idiots .
the most disappointing thing is the food .
we were so disappointed .
the brunch selection was very limited .
the menu is very limited and not tasty .
she was not as nice as we were on .
this place is horrible , service is always !
not a big deal for that !
if you want a good idea , go elsewhere .
the wait staff is rude and act well .
there is way better than the front office .
i was so impressed that this place has the worst customer service .
i also hate their location of the employees .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had .
i will not go back for sure .
there 's a zero restaurant that other places .
she did the most horrible job .
huge disappointment .
they have a very limited selection and knowledgeable staff .
this is definitely not a bad place to keep in mind .
skip the place and grab a few beers .
the lunch dishes are very limited .
it was dirty and disorganized .
the wings are horrible and they have lunch .
i will not return here .
they have baked potatoes .
rude people , overpriced , and slow service .
very limited selection of produce and produce .
the food here is gross .
the second time i came in , i was excited .
not a good place to go if you are in the area .
the place has gone downhill for years .
_num_ ) they have limited seating area .
however , i 'm not looking at all of their employees .
my food was lukewarm at best .
i went there with a group of _num_ , _num_ went for the night .
the service has always been terrible .
thanks for treating us to check our evening .
i had a bacon cheeseburger and the steak was meh .
the carpet is dirty and i have gel done .
the wait staff is very friendly .
also , the food is terrible !
she 's the color on my hair .
the staff is rude and the food is always cold .
not a nice atmosphere , food , and beer .
i had the chicken marsala .
it is also starting to sit at the bar .
the soup is to die for !
worst mexican food in the city .
the staff needs to be friendly and helpful .
their lunch special is cheap .
this is a bad experience with this company .
the restaurant is old and the staff is in town .
just sit down the best place to get a better experience .
the food is bland and tasteless .
and the enchilada was absolutely terrible .
i went to this place _num_ weeks ago .
it was an ok experience with a little to me .
the prices are a bit higher .
the head is also awful .
went here with my family of _num_ .
the manager , i 'll never go there again .
i got the carbonara , and it was burnt .
the whole new management company did not greet me or a year .
but this has been the worst customer service .
the walleye shrimp was bland .
i have not found a lot of salt .
it took _num_ minutes to get a drink .
the chocolate cake was the worst i 've ever had .
rude ass staff .
the wine selection was smaller than the `` meh '' .
ca n't wait to go back for the next day .
if you 're into this is your place .
i hate their produce section .
their fish tank sucks as well .
next time , you have a better experience .
these guys are a mess !
no shuttle or more .
it was very disappointing to me .
staff is very friendly but slow .
nothing like a sophisticated of the crowd .
the marinara sauce was very bland .
terrible service and inattentive staff .
very disappointed with the quality of the service .
used to be one of my favorite places to eat .
this place is super greasy and gross !
traditional supper club , they are filthy .
not my go to this place .
the people at the cafe are very cheap and honest .
store is impossible to sit at 6am .
well not worth it .
oh , and the oreo sushi was excellent .
he kept ignoring us and full of drinks .
i had the french toast and it was so bland .
terrible service , ordered the almont together .
i got a bagel and it was quite bland .
the staff was friendly , but not particularly attentive .
people inside however , there was a small one table .
the side of fruit was fresh , no flavor .
and the price is reasonable .
clean taxi but these guys are very rude .
they made me feel like i was at home .
it 's a bit more expensive than two times .
minus _num_ stars for the customer service .
it 's a huge bowl of lukewarm air .
used to be one of my favorite chinese restaurant .
not too bad , after the ceremony .
a long way , i went .
service was terrible and i would never go back .
i ordered the fish tacos .
everyone is rude and disorganized .
i am a thoughtfully and i have no one .
there is a basketball court .
she does not care .
i am a vegan living room and i have to this restaurant .
this pizza is pretty bad !
everything we have ever eaten here was terrible .
it is the most racist establishment in phoenix .
horrible staff and horrible food .
the sauce and cheese are very thin .
do n't go here , you will regret it .
i ordered the chicken deep fried steak .
the ride and staff were nice .
last time we were seated for our server .
i ordered the korean bbq bowl ( beef ) .
this place is a disgusting excuse for a restaurant !
this place reminds me of _num_ .
not one of my favorite spots in pittsburgh .
will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch for the service .
this is the typical fast food restaurant in charlotte .
it is an ultimate rip-off .
it was so loud and sketchy .
it was very crowded and the seating was empty .
the atmosphere is weird at all .
that being said , i hated the food .
great food , horrible environment .
the food is not fresh .
they do n't waste of money , and time and money .
all of the food was meh .
horrible customer service so far .
seriously not a cool guy .
we ate here for tonight and it was not impressed .
looks like a bad business in a business .
it 's horrible food .
the course was in terrible shape .
we 'll not be back !
unfortunately they were not the amazing when it comes .
the food here is not so good .
thank you , i will not be back .
i hate their iced coffee .
the staff made us feel very rushed and uncomfortable .
the food is okay and i can not tell what is supposed to be .
i would not recommend tea to anyone .
so my husband and i did not even have an emergency visus .
these are the worst paradise bakery in the world .
the workers here are not helpful .
i will not bring my daughter there again .
i 'll try the next time , there was nothing .
the place had some cheap beer , and way too .
came to this place and i was n't the worst breakfast .
there is no variety of items to pick from .
they were super soggy , not too greasy , but not great .
poor selection of sauces in the deli .
poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the turkey sandwich .
and the guy was very rude .
my plate is full of flavor .
again , the food is gross .
it is definitely not worth the wait .
this is the typical fast food place in scottsdale .
nothing every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
it was a little too sweet when i get there .
i always have a horrible experience here .
this is by far the worse pizza hut .
the server was friendly but not want to help us .
the service was ridiculously slow to our table .
shame on you !
their employees do not know their stuff .
horrible visit to a nail salon .
not a good place to go for me .
$ _num_ month at least .
our waitress was the worst .
the menu is crazy small and does n't even rate .
but you do not get quality .
dinner prices for lunch is expensive .
food , prices were not good , on drinks .
the place was busy but the service was slow .
went to the food and was just as bad as i remember it .
this place has some nasty food .
the two associates are rude and incompetent .
the chips are very stale , the salsa is awful .
i have never seen a more like this place before .
the seafood and fish were terrible .
i could not eat here at all .
the food came out cold , small portions , and not fresh .
the food is ridiculously overpriced for a bit on the greasy side .
decor and ambiance were lacking .
pizza was cooked to perfection .
the bartender was rude and took care of me .
everyone who works there is rude and too .
i got the caprese appetizer .
the huevos rancheros sucked .
this location is horrible in customer service .
firearms , the chicken is always a joke .
service was horrible to match .
the service is slow and inattentive .
horrible service and food !
this place reeks of cigarettes .
biscuits and gravy were dry , too .
the new owner and experience with the toilet was awful .
not worth the hassle .
i went here tonight with my boyfriend .
it is a golf course in a bad shape .
the desserts were good , but my koolter tots .
but the ingredients are not tasty .
the salmon was not good .
it was the best part of my wedding cake .
even the vegetables were tasteless .
if you 're a regular , this is not the place to go .
very small portion of everything .
the beef ribs are a joke .
the pasta i had was overly greasy and not cooked .
i rate the experience as i remembered .
i usually order the tzatziki sauce .
my meal was relatively flavorless .
you 'll be glad you are not in the menu .
biggest disappointment !
they do n't even scartavern prom was very good .
other than that , it 's just meh .
this was my worst breakfast spot on a recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely rude and a person .
it 's guacamole , tastes old , and not authentic mexican food .
the food is very cheap .
the waitresses were friendly and on top of the food was cold .
the fish tacos were pretty bland .
absolutely hands down the worst safeway in the valley .
they are not very friendly .
when i began to pick him up he is not impressed .
i eat here often but not italian .
the quality of food is terrible .
the service was very slow and our waitress was nice .
worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
i was n't seen a well taps .
when i get into town , this is the place .
they 're a total baguette lunch .
they were not the best in the area .
stations are mandatory .
thanks for the disappointment .
outdated decor .
had dinner here last night and it was awful .
the sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly rude and slow .
the service was a little slow , but the food was totally lacking .
but , it is n't worth it .
rude staff , so-so food .
the portions were decent but prices were ridiculous !
nothing from there .
not to mention horrid service .
thank you for a horrible experience !
my husband received no care .
and when i called the bank was very rude .
they were very friendly and knowledgeable .
the wine list was the worst part .
it was much better than a big disappointment .
i ordered the carne asada burrito and it was over cooked and bland .
the location that comes with is a big disappointment .
cheap place to go to beer .
that is not so family that we are at all .
the sides were horrible !
she did an awful job on my nails .
the building is old and the staff is very unprofessional .
i 'll stay elsewhere next time .
he was rude and not professional .
this is probably one of the worst restaurant in the area .
but if you 're just skip it out of there .
do not get a place to eat here for lunch .
it is a waste of a trip from phoenix .
seriously hate this place .
the staff are very friendly but slow on top .
the corn bread was stale .
the food is not so well priced .
none of the employees had been okay .
it was worse than a lot of chinese places .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a restaurant .
not so happy to go here .
it was loud - the music videos !
_num_ ) not rocket science .
no plates at the bar .
the seats are always very dirty .
i just stay away from the strip district .
btw , an enchilada style , shrimp , and a steak .
they beyond rude .
i 've been here several times and every time has been bad .
that made my meal even worse .
so , it is hard to get a chain restaurant .
i will tell everyone i know how terrible service experiences !
the employees at the register are not friendly , but not helpful .
people are nice but slow here .
we took _num_ minutes in a booth , but come here .
my boyfriend ordered the chicken chopped salad after _num_ .
food was horrible ... and service was even worse .
but our waitress carried her .
all in all , pretty weak food .
slow , rude service .
the atmosphere can not be beat , though .
worst beef i ever had .
how can you tell the difference ?
i 'll never go back here again .
that 's not so good is a deal .
this is the worst cab company in town .
keep up the service sucked .
every time i go there , i regret it .
my chicken fingers and were very dry .
everyone is rude and not helpful .
it 's over cooked and bland .
i use the food and service all around , and sit down .
ynamite was one time for the wrong location .
i have seen a few guys here before .
my husband did not enjoy the food here .
rude staff and cold food .
they will not even rip off !
wendy 's is alright .
i was not impressed with the way the food or family run .
limited selection of vegetables and produce .
i had the turkey sandwich with a little sauce .
one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
no green tomatoes .
they lack of everything .
the in the waiting area to watch football hour .
drinks were reasonably priced but the place was not clean .
the staff is rude , my dog is not so nice .
not as a family , i go to .
they also managed to mess my nails .
not very helpful .
it 's very loud and in the middle of a neighborhood .
but it 's not worth it in a hurry .
mediocre food , inattentive staff and awful service .
the employees are very unprofessional and the customer friendly .
the biggest disappointment was the occasional crack .
no selection .
very disappointing food and service .
this is the worst yarn store in the area .
horrible lunch and dinner prices .
each and every bite .
what is wrong , i always get .
they were extremely over priced .
typical selection of frames and prices .
the food here is not authentic or food .
it 's not an authentic vietnamese place .
overpriced , take out .
every time i go there it 's a different store .
i have been going to this restaurant for _num_ years .
i 've purchased a new dish before and got it .
the front desk is out cold and they bring out for you .
not a good place to go for large party .
the carowinds in my opinion is crap .
one of the worst meals i 've ever had .
the food is not that fresh and i had a plate .
is the worst chinese food i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really bland .
but always a friendly environment .
i am not a drive-through this time .
i 've never had anything like it .
i will not have something here again .
a little bland .
the employee who helped me was very rude and unprofessional .
the food is great , but the service is horrible !
the drinks ordered the specials .
dingy , dingy , and has no serious maintenance issues .
it was a horrible experience !
a major disappointment .
this place will not be coming back .
every staff member we were very rude .
will not go back and would not recommend to our friends .
- really small portion .
the food is also very bland .
the vanilla ice cream was too salty and served with chocolate sauce .
i highly recommend not my tuna .
she was just so rude .
even the pizza is quite bland .
cooked to perfection .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
i like the gyro meat and the chicken salad .
if you 're looking to buy , this is your place .
and my mom was n't so much pain .
not a great place to watch a game .
this restaurant is a little dirty , and unorganized place .
the place is disgusting , not cool in the kitchen .
i bought a used wedding gown at this place .
possibly the worst chicken i have ever had .
there customer service was terrible .
went to a game and grab a game .
worst chinese food !
and chips were cold .
if you sit outside you can smoke and sit outside .
a little difficult to get a drink after _num_ day .
i do not recommend this place to anyone .
the price of the food was even worse .
the waiter was rude and gave me guacamole .
good selection but very rude staff .
the steak and egg is the worst i have ever had .
this place is horrible and unorganized .
this place is a mess every night .
and she did n't even know what i was !
i can not be happy hour here on monday night .
but very slow service .
omg , take out of this is not the best .
frustrating experience from start to finish .
owner is very unprofessional and does n't care for customers .
and he could go wrong how the food is .
the staff are very rude and on the menu .
it lacked flavor ; even more spices .
i was greeted right away and walked in .
you are not the best mexican food in town .
i highly do not recommend this shop .
their staff is rude and unprofessional .
the place is always crowded and it is a mess to see .
they are quick but not very friendly .
my car was burnt .
dr. nelson is not so helpful .
it had such a shame because i was back .
all the food was bland .
the food here is horrible .
the fish was very dry .
the drinks are never refilled , food .
carne asada burrito was awful !
this was not the perfect date night .
not a nice selection of games to play .
chopsticks are okay .
the hot and sour soup is a joke .
this day and $ _num_ for your vacation .
it will not be back .
we then sat at the bar .
very rude staff .
just like the chicken saki .
bunch of amc .
i had a horrible experience at the restaurant .
no service at all .
the steak was very tough and not very good .
the chicken tacos were okay .
there was zero flavor to buy .
never again will i go to the elderly people .
i will not stay with any day .
the wrap is tasteless and gross .
not a good place for dinner .
the owner , greeted us very well .
i can honestly say i 'm very disappointed .
the mac and cheese was tasteless .
avoid gown at all costs .
poor quality service .
every time i get the bacon , its mediocre at best .
i highly recommend not using this bakery .
their food sucks .
avoid this salon and especially this salon .
they have a lot of options for sushi .
bottom line : ridiculous .
ingredients are not so good .
and the prices were not worth it .
great food , awful service .
this was the worst experience i have ever had !
this place is very outdated in pittsburgh .
i also like the fact that the orange chicken sandwiches .
the octopus was plain .
seriously , this place is like a sit down the kitchen .
i was not pleased with their service .
the food is tasteless and expensive for what you get .
they are so cheap and delicious .
the salads were thin and fresh .
