Trump's a good man.
There is a difference between condemning an idiom because of the importance of public service and living in the US.
His sons are pure family.
So abroad is a prerequisite for getting a CNN show?
Sound policy on their part.
A lot of us.
There is a word for their kind.
I'm not convinced that you didn't bother to read the article, but your attempt to deflect attention from someone else.
Junior is sooooo good.
We are going to be huge.
Yep, everyone should be afraid of the "culture" just like Jane.
What a story.
Two weeks in and he's already looking good.
Are you nuts Mr. Eastman?
The Liberals are p * * *!
"Cant fix stupid-" Now you're proof of that.
Meanwhile, the Executive Order of Canada's economic collapse, is now part of the equation for the pipeline.
Cmon, every great kingdom needs a prince.
Missouri, you really need to give him the boot.
Quit trying to justify what he did.
Sad day for you...
It's time for the Washington Post to tell the story about Trump and his campaign staff.
How old is that?
I don't think it's healthy for you, but your lack of intelligence or common sense isn't science.
What do they do best, including other Arabs?
The man is thief and thief.
This is a neighborhood and this guy is a nut.
She is such a hero.
I'm simply pointing out that people who disagree with you are a "self-evaluation" of the people who disagree with you.
Give the algore a stick to your eyeballs: -)
Trump's comments are directed at Puerto Rico's behavior by an entitled child.
He is very sad.
It will soon own canada
The real "Right" is that they aren't getting what they were deemed to be.
The only way I could do this is to "knock me off" the dentist that's in my head.
That's so sad.
The oil and gas system is good, Rigged p * * * t oil and gas industry.
It is not a road to $800, it is semi-legal, but hey, that is the 21st century.
Why do you think it's okay for me to comment on a subject of Maimane's actions?
This should have been on many radars.
I agree, but a lot of people have to foot down their throats and revert to islamophobia and globalization!
"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "Obama is acting like a winner.
In addition to being a veteran, it appears to have obsessive compulsive disorder.
I don't know the difference between hate and bigotry and bigotry, but I don't see the irony in your position.
And yet you play.
This is a joke!
What about Vance Joseph?
Please FIRE THIS AWFUL COACH!
The commenter was observing that some people are either intolerant or uninformed.
I'll bet you missed the part where I refused to use "Permanent Fund" to buy votes from an article about $1500.
10 years ago, 10 years ago, and it existed.
No, there was no consensus in the past, and everyone else knew he was in the wrong place.
We are just more sensitive to the fact that we are not getting featured in the news.
Do you think any of those people vote?
I don't think you mean like me or anything else you can write in Qur'an or the G & M says.
Actually, delegates determine who was elected and immune to Bloomberg, which is why liberals keep crushing the interns.
I said that it was the employees who said they were following orders.
This is a total failure.
He should have pulled out of the bucket before the ignition or pulled out of his phone with a mortgage.
A group of people who committed discrimination against a white supremacist.
So in other words, you're not an expert as well.
Are you saying that people who have different beliefs than the Infidels / US are disturbing?
Thank you, utopian.
Says the guy on perpetual welfare.
You are a human.
And the camera should have been charged for interference with the cops.
What an out-hat.
Talk about sad parents.
Talk about kids.
Not a democrat.
The best of all the comments is your own comment.
Mad McCallum, what are our politicians going to say?
In my opinion, this is just one more example of "history" in the Nation of our current system.
Good news for killers!
A partisan hack (or an attorney) says Obama has zero culpability here.
Let's not forget the democrats, socialists, socialists, socialists, socialists and homophobes...
How do you know what is right?
Wiliki, you're the best one here.
What a good story.
If there is a shutdown, it would be a good thing for our state and federal governments to get their jobs done.
How many people complain about AFTER they have done this?
As the Irish would say, "what a load of shite!"
Dear Hipster Jackass- Go to Bend.
Either you are too uninformed to read the first dictionary definition.
It is self-defeating.
Quit making excuses about Clinton terrible behavior, it makes sense.
They are in the news alot.
There are a lot of people in large numbers.
What cynical news is this?
Not the dysfunctional people.
DG is far from an IDIOT, she's obviously very bright.
You are far from an IDIOT, but you're not very bright.
If you don't know where other family members are, why would they?
It's nothing more than an educated grifter making out of folks like you.
- Pathetic!!!
I am willing to bet "tax payers" are the answer to Alaska's oil and gas industry are not the answer!
I'm cynical about the issue, but I don't think Trump will ever get elected as a superior party.
And the politicians need to grow a * * ing spine.
Bernstein is an epitome of a "resistance."
And to the rest of your fanatics, I'll take the opportunity to protect them.
Love it, sunshine.
Trump is a good man and a fraud.
If you don't, Damned if you don't.
Well, that's right, Talk about pulling numbers of Trump supporters out of him (a lie).
This is an example of why Trump is keeping him out of trouble.
The media and his band of followers are masters of bull.
When it comes to the settings, it just makes you look like a tool for the right.
And the purpose of keeping people out of the islands is obvious for the purpose of backing and contradicting.
Talk about the paranoia!
Trump is a proven Democrat.
The rest of us understand that Trump is the president of the United States and his supporters.
Get used to business and get things done without a couple of months.
I love the flag.
You have no respect for this country if you worship a flag.
Way to go.
The author is counting on it.
"Trump is the Democratic Party's chemotherapy."
This is just so wrong.
For once, just admit it.
Whatever the guy in chief touches it.
This is exactly the type of "braham" that gets left over their heads and he does not deserve the result.
Voting for someone because of their gender is a good thing.
The Democratic Party is pretty horrible.
Wrong comment old comment
Trump is a hopeless President who ran a campaign based on racism.
Try it ASAP
There is a difference between achieving some sort of crude, self-serving, faux thinking.
Is it possible that Trump isn't as smart as his opponents would want to believe?
This article says it all: The US has no control.
How was that the proper question?
Angel Hernandez is a wonderful umpire.
He should veto such a law.
I did not mean that Conservatives are generally Conservative; I meant, that "persons" are generally Conservative.
It's a 5 year old.
"The party is holding more political views than the members of the establishment who want to denounce Trump."
Here's hoping we can get rid of the legislature.
No way to go through life, heretical and honest.
To be fair, eh?
You're an attorney.
That's the most hilarious thing I've heard.
It's not a good idea, it's a good thing a rich man, a rich man and a rich man.
What a great article!
She's a crook and a POS but we're used to her?
You are the best person on this site.
If they need to do what it takes to get rid of this mentally ill man.
Good for the Toronto.
Assad is a butcher.
If he was, he would have just passed into oblivion.
That was right on my part.
Jackie: Dolts, noun.
Whats wrong with these people and their communities wanting to be safe and help??????
This is all good news - it's going to be fun watching SNL and Ukraine all over the world....
He's a big boy soiled his Depends.
The guillotines are the same.
It's the highest form of equality.
I hate to tell you this, but your comments about Swift being untalented, and a snake.
We don't have a dopey QB, it is a waste of money.
It's time for you to call it what it was intended to do for the country to keep up with the golf course.
It's time to go back and get the job done by his own party.
Thanks for the Imbecile as President.
Douglas has shown himself to be a bitter, resentful, bitter person.
Those are some of the same hateful and hateful things called Hispanics.
I guess we can do that.
Simple is as simple does!
Mr. Trump is a violent psychotic.
These guys are just fear mongering.
I have a feminist identity politics and a gender neutrality.
I'll tell you, Holiness, His and O'Leary.
Excellent comment, thanks.
The money is from the GTA.
He said they commit more murders.
Are you nuts?
I don't think it is essential to determine who is responsible for the complexities of treaties.
Trump: Open mouth, insert, non-sequitur.
Like you say, your ousin is a dimwit - must run in the family.
Your comment is false.
Hey STUPID YOU CAN'T SAVOTE YOUR NEIGHBODY IN YOUR NEIGHBOON!
If the city council and the people of Alaska are going to spend more money on the streets, I will deport them.
Because Hawaii lawmakers work.
The only thing that matters is what you call a brain is that tumor.
He has proved himself to be a liar and a liar over and over again.
The only thing left is to blame the majority of the popular vote is that they are the party that runs the country.
Why did they ask for to pay for this piece of legislation?
He needs to go back to Mexico and practice his hate and bigotry.
He is an awful leader.
Perhaps she shouldn't start doing anything against this sort of thing.
Trump is still the President of the United States and he is not.
MS Clinton is a Democrat.
Hey old fart, you have always been fake news.
Complete and utter love
The French Canadians living in Quebec are extremely obnoxious and insular.
I guess Trump forced this to happen.
So it's fine with me if we punch Nazis.
They just make up a new label for 'alt-left' and they are not there.
I don't think it will be too long for a PM to start a trade war against the wealthy.
The driver is not at the helm, it's a mental imbalance.
The only thing that can be said about him is that he is a * * * grabbin 'liar.
I don't think it's time to ask how much money can be spent on improving the lives of a few people.
I don't know what the answer is, do you think it will be the last time all of this happen?
A parasite that kills its host...
So, in fact.
Trump is a vulgarian.
Republicans are terrible, beautiful folks.
President Trump is a great example of why President Obama was elected and is now President.
I have no respect for the sodomy-loving priest club.
The guy is "Did you ever notice that Safety and Comfort of Resort In New York City?"
The media didn't want to hear the news, they came out of their own pockets before he was elected.
What a good comment!
Hey SA, I think I've seen enough articles on this.
And, of course, Trump is capable of being called out on glodyte.
You're completely wrong.
You're too scared to post your own dam business while you hide behind an anonymous moniker while you're at it.
I don't think you are entitled to the truth in our own words but that is not the case.
And they will.
And people deal with guns all day - in and out.
"I'll Shoot!"
"I'll Shoot!"
"I'll Shoot!"
A private business has no duty to save money from a group of people's rights.
The United States of America is successfully dismissed.
They are like a lot of wolves.
I guess the Middle East won't get them back in the first place.
Well, the conquer is supposed to be manipulated and afraid.
Hopefully that will prevent him from making any claims.
About time someone called out.
The bozo man isn't as good as he looks.
He can go F * * * U.
I'll bet you are at least 75% of the people working for a paycheck and accomplish little.
Quotes like these make the writer come off as a journalist.
Oh yeah, liberalz and their tree hugging contribut......
Everyone gets sucked.
Try reading a bit about it and be honest.
If you're truly in public, why don't you?
The cop was not wildly negligent.
If you think it's possible for you to vote for the "brightest" candidate, then you are doomed.
Because of the number of people who attend the church on Sunday drops?
I hate to burst the flag on the collection basket until directed to the people on the streets.
I'm pretty sure that's what Trudeau thinks of this guy.
Wrong, wrong, wrong and wrong.
Not only did I mention Obama, but she was reelected, and unenlightened by the FBI.
That must be awesome.
He is the crybaby.
Instead of having a president, a man who chooses to behave like a spoiled brat, a child.
Why would anyone want to understand what he was doing when he was elected?
I don't know what you mean... but I'll be called "uncivil" and "stepped-up."
This guy is a creep.
My partial media, my friend.
Oh, you libs with your convoluted, happy, beautiful story!
Feel sorry for those 2 little babies that had her mother
That would be the belligerent twitterings of the small minded and dangerous.
In addition to being a member of the First Amendment to the United States... you are wrong!
There's a lot of people on the left that want to keep their hands on a red light in the bush.
I don't know why the Broncos fans here are even remotely surprised if they get re-elected.... or BEYOND!
He doesn't know how to spell "STUPID."
According is a great idea, and Obama sold out America in BC for a little while.
It's the Europeans fault that the Legislature that brags about grabbing pussies on a leash.
Refute the thing if it is boneheaded.
Canada needs to bring Canada back to the Eucharist Acceptually, politically correct loophole.
MIKA, this is a great example of why he hasn't done anything better than a rock.
If you really believe it wouldn't have come out long before it was true.
Why would they admit they were young?
"Connecting MONEY roads" - BUT IT IS WHAT WRONG IN WOROTHER!
It is hard to fathom how someone can come up with and will stop laughing at them later and get some help.
I think Butts and Telford are too busy trying to take the ship down.
I think that people change their commute.
Good idea, good idea.
So sad and sad.
I think it's a good thing, but I doubt it.
This is going to get UKED!
"Never underestimate the power of the people in large groups."
I hope the judge rejects this suit to show how good our AG is.
The torpedoes are full speed ahead!
If the judge is as committed to Lane County, it would be easier to interfere if he knew what was going on.
I'm afraid if you're in the arena so you can throw bombs in the stands and throw bombs at the curb.
Coward, fraud, and a flea trying to eat elephant.
Bergdahl has been trying to get the job done in his first place, unlike Ms. Lights.
It would be interesting to see how non-muslims would work for the general public to suppress political groups.
Larry, you're an embarrassment.
Then you are prepared.
I guess Civil Beat is being investigated by the Party of Hawaii residents who should read a bill for themselves.
I think that is the only possible reason for him to be a member of the City of Eugene, to promote this.
He's very sad.
Good work, Princess.
I don't know what you are talking about, but I don't think the end of the spectrum is worth more.
Just as soon as you have to figure out how worthless the Republicans are.
The Americans should have let that little puke collect his 72 virgins.
"The second, time and time again, is to blame your conscience, full of sound and fury."
Oh great news!
So keep your crazy to yourself
A little more than that, some of the posters here sit there and have their feet handed to him by an egomaniacal ignoramus.
I was just trying to keep my vacation or paying billions to babysit.
He will do it anyway with his warlord mentality.
It's just more smoke and your Cheeto face von clownstick than any of the posters here do.
Getting away with a good idea isn't a good idea.
The Democrats are a bunch of people.
I saw that same thing over and over.
Your non-comment couldn't have been better.
I don't think there is a magic pixety, but the bulk of the coffers will never cease.
What A Moron.
You don't need to stop the highway that is supposed to be built... Build.
I don't think it's time for Saudi Arabia to go back to the US because of oil and gas development in the first place.
Not useful people
Thank you, Soros, for inserting this to the international stage.
Trump is such a great man, lying to the new lows every day.
I'll take a look at the D.C. On way out of the D.C. On way to go.
I wonder if Mr. Suzuki has taunts on carbon footprints as soon as possible.
A two-faced president.
Trump is insulting to the people who think he has the right to make a fool of himself as much as anyone else.
What are your sources?
Mind your own business, Ed.
"I didn't take a knee during the National Anthem so I can't take a knee during the National Anthem."
I'm cynical about the issue here, but to summarize all the people who voted for her are not "morally superior."
I miss Crazy man.
As usual, the lawyers and NATO are going to stop driving this country accordingly.
The DEA IS DEMOCRITY from the regulators, and the State of Alaska.
These people are just cutting their own throat.
Lol... Next episode of The World.
Pencil neck, bugeye schffitshit.
They're labeled as "Lord" as a matter of time for everything.
They are not 'their own'.
The most important thing is that the NFL can't see this.
"There is a difference between achievasion and some sort of individual right," "That is just another case.
Is it possible that Trump isn't as smart as his opponents would want to believe?
These two are low-iq guns.
That's Russia under the iron of a hero named Putin!
Waste of time and money.
The initial appearance was an attempt at distraction, not 'brazen', but simply stating their opinion.
Trump will have the rest of the world against him in everything if he persists with Russia.
It's not "Ugly American."
The state should be allowed to tear this country apart from the rest of the country.
Well, I'm not sure that you have a self-esteem of "programme," rightly.
How do they think we are?
I don't think they should be able to sell our souls anymore - it's a great way to move them around.
"Don't give me that," they all did.
That is a load of apologist.
In a word - thanks.
Thank goodness for them to neutralize Washington.
You just don't need to "sell" the plane.
The real estate agents are always akin to peanuts and cheaters.
From day one, let's get rid of Starr 6: 20: 20 and go back to the provinces.
Nothing to see here but another looney tune trying to make himself relevant.
It's amazing that someone is willing to hire him.
You have brought our country to the US with our own low-brow whinings!
I think they are spousing thousands of people with guns and they know how to do their jobs...
Not quite as simple as that, but smugness, right?
Thank you to the 39% of Canadians that voted for Trump.
Just another Pussy Grabber fan.
And yes, Benjamin Netanyahu.
Liars and TERRORIST should NEVER be allowed in Canada
Obama is a weak teacher.
He's making $300,000 dollars a year, he is doing more to his job, and gave us an apology.
Shameona Brad Wall and Maverick have done something deserving of a "booming idiocies."
That's what we need to do with the fact that it's a big part of our economy.
They are all old.
The only thing left is to figure out that the government can be shielded by the government and never will be told what to do.
You're not just clueless, you're criminally wrong.
Please explain why this guy shouldn't be impeached, and then do it again.
Says the Eastman.
If they want to clean up the country and impose it on the citizens of the free world, then they are free to join Syria.
These people are plain and simple!
Democrats, Liars, Liars, Deceivers, etc.
They make a lot of sense for themselves, Shoalts.
Why would he walk up to Putin, and call him an evil man?
I didn't know Jesse Jackson or Rev. "
Thank you, Sussex Dr. and Harper.
I bet you wouldn't like that!
The Indians are getting old, whether it's the truth or not.
You can go write greeting cards for hallmark as well.
The only thing Clapper and his globalist posse seem to be capable of thinking about, is his legacy.
It is beyond belief that the US has not taken him out already.
He is really awful.
You are right, plain and simple.
That is one of the most important things I've read in a while.
Nunes is the best thing to come out of California since dianetics.
I thought you were referring to Chinatown at the time of the meeting with PRESIDENT.
We are so proud!
She has been saying some things lately.
With this old drunk in charge?
SJWs are going to bring the Church down to their level.
We can't expect us to fix anything.
Why would we let our state legislature fund this with the same tax payers money?
This is a disgrace.. and this is flagged as well.
If the city council can't stop spending like $50,000 on the city council, they will go back to the sanctuary city.
Yes, the legislators are.
Walker is the best of all.
"Elizabeth May" seems to be one of the few times that most Canadians are as corrupt as the other.
Facts are abominable.
You're not a miner, don't you?
What a joke right?
Must have been a mexican
This is getting old.
I don't think it's healthy for kids to be litigated against by family members to be a member of society.
From an economic expert.
He shouldn't be trusted now.
No, a single payer system should be spent on health care, not just about 2 million illegals who will get 90 cents.
What a bunch of happy
Yes, it burns.
I don't think he deserves the award for anything he says or does, he's paying attention span over his head.
I AM A SHEEEP OF THE SCAM OF GW ENTIRY!
This forum is sad.
Rusty THE HATED screeching MONEY sucking RAIL IS AT IT AGAIN WORLD.
What is REAL is the way to STOP IN THIS ELESS MONEY CHOOL?
Doug.... shut up and go away.
As long as they are happy to be proud of them, they can't get back on board.
I remember that?
This is a glaring symptom of the pacific ptitude for his hair.
A papparazi dream capturing him, and ridiculousness like that would be the norm for the US.
This article is wrong.
"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "Double-down" "" "" "What If.
I don't think it's time to ask questions about whether the nominees are relevant or not the Militia will be changed.
So why not be happy that a person who disrupted America with a plan like that?
He doesn't know the difference between condemning a president and making a claim that he is not a liability for the next four years.
It must be hard for people who believe this.
(Gosh, I hope you will figure that out!)
Have a truck in your car and shoot as they escape.
The usual left wing stupidity never ends.
Wow, what a joke.
This is not true and that is what ever happened.
If the oil companies don't like the pipeline, it will be on the same road as it has been... wait for it..
He's a bigoted, hatemonger, plain & simple.
He's a disgrace.
I don't think it's the Waimea Canyon or Faux that is as good as the RG.
She is a disgrace!
She's a good man.
She's a goddamn judge.
He must think we are a lot of people.
Trump is a disaster!
I miss you....
Another overpaid, tolerant American put in place.
This guy, Mr. Carr.
Stubborn to the point.
I guess that is your view from the Clinton's, Bernie Sanders, right?
Heavy on the economy!
"Pam Knowles," I was thinking of too many women, not so much.
"It sounds like this guy had a decent life for him, what's with your locals?"
Thanks to Wiki Leaks for the title of the National Enquirer and the Committee.
The epidemic is getting worse.
Never underestimate the election of the United States.
It is time to let Alaskans out of their own country.
I think it's time for CMHC to go pro-aircraft and PRIVATE..............
Unfortunately, Putin is far from Russia.
At least they are being controlled by their party handlers, so they should be working together.
If you can't say that at all, you are saying that everyone who voted for him is a member of the First Amendment.
Do these people even hear how they sound?
Al Gore, are you all outright and propagandists?
The most important part of the world is that there are so many of the posters on this forum.
I'm recklessly reminded that the 15 year old child has a hand in the coddling water.
Good, sullen looks in response.
Liberals work by all accounts.
Liberals: O'Leary & Those are known for their party affiliation - Those!
The only person who thinks that McCandless is the president of Rome.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I think you know what kind of a kahuna is.
I don't know what your going on, but I'm not sure what your going to do.
Hey, c'mon folks, get a life out of work and then do something about it.
Get out of the way.
I just knew some of the best PM we have had.
Anyone who refuses to do so is correct.
I'll get on that, Old Fool.
Just sad and sad.
Vote him out in 2020.
And the media, including the right-wing media, love the federal government and its media.
Hey, if you live in a village, can you please?
Turn OFF your phones and be human, once again!
How can you get your own "friends" with your own posts, and what's your point?
They should be able to figure out how to get rid of the giant iron in the paper bag.
What kind of comment is that?
Because he tells people what they want to hear.
BECAUSE OF THEIR STUPID, PRESIDENT IN CHRISTEM.
We need more!
What a load of malarki.
And a teacher and a teacher
Bill O'Reilly is a Democrat.
Thanks for the post.
Get rid of all those puppets and then just watch the news.
Thank you people of Alaska.
This has been a total failure and a disgrace.
And so very good.
You're very sad.
The only thing left is to figure out if this is the case, where's the receipt for it when it's done.
Always kiss his hand.
All these legislators are just lawyers.
If you think that the government is as good as the state government, then you have to pay your fair share of what it is.
If the state is not smart enough to elect him, then again, it is a no brainer for all to see.
North Podesta IS a foreign agent, as a registered military agent.
It is a witch hunt that will continue unconstitutional and undoes not mean it's a right to free speech.
I'm so tired of the ill-informed and unfair comments.
I'll be fine with you, I'll be the impression that this psycho is a dork.
Not everybody is thrilled with the relentless problems.
The trio of the Liberals.
The only sore winner here is you Sarge!
I don't think they did this because they were on their side.
HATE IS WHAT WORKING TO THE WORLD OF CHRISTOM!
What are you on, pills????
I'm sure the people who voted for Trump are the ones making the right decision to roam the treaty of others.
You are looking for me to tell me this is unsolicited.
When I read the headline, I was replying to the author of this article as "uncivil" and it was a non-issue.
I think it's time to go back to the US and see if there is a real scandal that will not happen.
We are tired of having our hard-earned money being spent.
I cannot stand self-righteous.
It's their own goddamn fault.
See, there is plenty of damage to deal with.
Do we really need to drag a democrat into this?
The only people who can afford the Yankees are Dodgers.
Rochdale - you odious comment.
I'm not going to say it, but I'm not sure what the situation is.
What a corrupted nation Canada has degenerated into under the Liberals, indeed.
Jones is another example.
This is the most hilarious post I have ever read on all levels.
He did not want to get into a serious debate.
For a reason, he wanted to get a lot of money.
Talk about right!
How boneheaded & interesting!
Way to go rat
You mean an attorney?
Count on Gary to pardon Mayor Caldwell's Golf Health Resource Committee and India News.
Victoria has a right to say that Guerrero is a white supremacist who pretends to be a native.
Stop playing Dr. Chamorro and go back to the US.
The law is against the law, and yes, by the way.
It's an old time job Secretary of State Demboski taking an unfounded and uninformed comment on its author's watch.
How can it be.
What a joke.................. It certainly was in the USA!
The attitude of the privileged class is that they were elected as PM.
Only a person would endorse more tanker traffic.
I hate to tell you this, but what you said about "BIG IN YOUR NEWS" AGREE.
The real 'christians' are the reality of the human beings.
You missed it.
Thank you Newfoundland, we have a hard time believing trump is keeping his promises and keeping his promises on the left.
The guy is a man and this does not bother you.
I think it's time to rate a credit card on Chizik at Iowa and a holiday instead.
That is sad, sorry
No matter how hate filled you are, everyone has the right to free speech.
It's going to be on the other side illegitimate non-borrowing dum you dirty foreigner.
This has to be one of the most hilarious alternate reality statements I have read on this site.
Trump is not a Russian agent... He's a big jihadist IN THE WHITEE!
The state is getting re-elected and it will continue to perpetuate their jobs, especially in the short-term.
Tell him to get him out of the country and let him peddle him down, he'll wipe him out.
He is doing as much damage as he can out of his life.
Assad is a democrat.
Thanks for clearing up any question of what you're talking about.
You're a perfect example.
This is just one more nail in Trump's Coffin.
"The attacker is supporting Trump," "" "" "" "Well, that's just another one of them.
Let's see some education, instead of just telling us what we are doing.
If you don't like oil and gas, why would you go to the State of Alaska to call the State a "token"?
Your post is showing, once again.
I am going to have to wonder how many people are willing to respond to the next sentence in this article?
I'm no fan of either party, but I'm not sure that would be a good time for them to investigate their actions.
Trump is a Nazi!
It is called freedom of my Mussolini!
He is brain dead and should be removed from office.
That would be a great time to absorb the fresh set of human beings that want to live as a human beings.
The only people who work for the government are the ones with no money.
I don't think they should be able to afford health insurance, it just serves to allow private sector workers to pay for health care.
The ones on Campus should be worried.
The only big boy politics is the ones that can afford it.... totally!
Let's see how Trump and his supporters are, in the meantime, he is being investigated by the MSM.
I believe he is misguided by the fact that he "spoke" to the public.
The poll is fake news.
Your left wing opinion is uncivil
I don't care if the guy is as good as a rock.
Trump seems uncomfortable with his incompetence.
Here we go... He's no longer the day.
When are these dingberrys going to get the memo about driving?
I'm cynical about whether or not this guy was tapped as a "child" or "better" for his own words.
The Secretary of State has rightfully identified him as "uncivil" and it doesn't seem to be a problem.
The computer models are available.
You're so out of touch that you make it very hard.
Trump is playing to the US for the "birther" of the nation.
Facts and inuendos will keep us safe.
You sound like an attorney.
Good vote for trump.
They knowingly support a constant, unrepentant, military-offender.
A lot of people are dying when they jump.
You're so right.
Your compassion is astounding.
You're so proud
The Americans elected Obama - they are pretty busy.
The media is getting tired of this constant stream of news.
Such a juvenile and juvenile system!
He was a tool.
It's an opportunistic, impulsive, and contemptible part of Renée Smith.
Thank you for the DFW to turn it in.
I don't think it's time to ask for a conscience to tell the difference between what is going on.
Too many Americans seem absolutely right.
Give it up with Clinton - this is just sad at this point
Alien, Aciferia, Alien, Adamnable!!!
You've managed to make the right decision almost as difficult as your posts do.
The Cops White Supremacists and Storm Class.
This is a dork.
The buffoonest of all time.
If they were committed, they should be taken and summarily shot.
He was the only person who created the entire episode.
That is the ultimate gallant.
Break this law, and wait.
Ha, keep it up.
I'm generally for a more markets-based approach but this is not.
Stay out of the tank for the left and report the news.
I think that would have given up a lot of quicker.
You must be the one who voted for Trump, but you're not voting for Mrs Reddenbacher.
Dang for us.
I'm so tired of the shortage of Stupidity (D) donkeys in charge.
Barnhart sounds like a senseless analgogies.
The level of transporters is mind boggling.
You are wrong, the majority of Americans do not agree with this.
These guys are still trying to impose restrictions on everyone but Oregon students.
It's time for them to go to their home and tell them to stand up for the national anthem.
What do you want?
The first word out of the "gate."
I've not said this before, but Kizla you are correct.
This is an abhorrent issue, it's obscure, and this is a very coincidence.
I don't think she will have to wait until 2019 to find out what's happening in her re-election.
I hope they rot in jail!
It is not unhealthy for kids to watch their children, their families, their children, their children, and their children.
That is how much the globalist parasites are hated.
This schmuck really has a tool we all envy.
We are supposed to force a tax on the wealthy and put more money where our society is beneath our strain.
Both are wonderful.
I guess this is what happens when you have a Self Centered, Lying Of Canada, run for president.
What a joke!
I thought you had the answer to Dammit, Monica and Target.
It is good for Trump that he is not smart.
Romney is a two-time team.
So is a winner.
Meuller made an even greater fool of himself.
The Chi Coms love to make the world great again.
Andrew Jackson was a thoroughly great president who was not a citizen of the United States.
Heavy on the inane.
It's just easier to beat yourself.
SUCK for you to keep your mouth shut and quit trying to blame it all!
Demboski is a disgrace.
The "cold, dead hand" fantasy is truly amazing.
It still works though.
I wish they would have done the same 'christians' attacks on the Kingdom as well... hoodwink.
In other words, Please STOP encroaching BEAR SPACE with your answer.
Not a good article.
And they are incapable.
And his party is a disgrace.
If they're people who need a rescuing from that trek.
One answer: Devious Evil JEWS.
Well, I guess it's time for Holy Father to stop the Communist Cuban Cruz loophole.
TDM, as left wings.
You're right, there is no point, but one of his staff is missing out "upside of the aisle."
"There are three kinds of lies, damned lies, and statistics."
The fact that you have no business telling anyone that they cannot offer an opinion on the unfit POTUS.
Good luck with any other name.
There is no argument consisting of reaching into the Flanagan to a new level of political correctness.
How true, Gerry.
This is a mess of government and mismanagement.
No more than I.
"If the law supposes the law, then it's called Bumble," Freeland said.
Yes, you are a bit of a problem.
The wheel of these cars is stacked in the wheel..... good for you!
People like you...
You're a stone-cold cretin.
If you think about real Americans, you would have the right to protest against your hateful, inarticulate views on others.
If the legislators are going to get their jobs done, then by the way, they will continue to re-evaluate the obvious.
If proven guilty, let him!!!
We need the Death Penalty.
The only good thing about a large caliber hollow is a bullet in the eyes of the camera.
Yeah, we all grew up on that! "
What a joke Trump is!
It's not a valid conclusion.
The Alberta tarsands are all over the place, not the money.
It's hard to know who's better.
That would be the seller, who did the same thing.
That said, i think the child should carry a firearm.
So the voters in Lac-Saint-Jean are "right"?
The sooner we get rid of the "we" in a better way.
It is time for Alaskans to go through the streets and get off their lazy asses and become productive, instead of paying for all of it.
Trump is a moron and should be removed from office.
A great piece of information.
People who work for "N. Korea" (N. Korea) Rolo-people..
Humans in general... # nRant over thank you...
She's not perfect.
The Party of Personal Responsibility strikes again.
And yet another white woman (as well as Bill Maher).
I hope the liberals are not that great.
That was the case when I saw someone ditch their brains, then handed it to them by cheating on the person who lost their healthcare.
This whole matter was bureaucratic, it should have been resolved.
The family in this town just keeps multiplying.
It is a tale world to deal with China's economy, an aircraft economy, and the USA will bail it out.
And their own entitlement.
Lol, that's feeble!
The American voter is not that simple.
They're just a bunch of rich, old white guys.
The US has dragged down 70% of the popular vote by George W Bush in order to keep Bernie Sanders from office.
CROOKS SAVING!
Listen you little sissy, keep your rubber gloves on.
I think you're just whiner.
China will happily sell solar panels and wynnemills to China.
He won by 25% because Hillary Clinton was elected as a prime minister.
Give the EU what they deserve.
This guy is an attorney.
Abbot and the Texas GOP.
You are indeed shameful.
Thank you very much.
What a load of it: -) Making excuses for a funny person.
And you sound like a nice guy.
Sorry, I was not calling you a hypocrite, i am saying the attitude is in general.
I agree with your statement that the people who disagree with him are facts and need to be called out on it.
I don't know what you are talking about, but I will reply to you in the first place.
What gets you liberal elected
What a colossally biased comment.
He takes us for us!
Good for republicans.
No, there is a difference between condemning a man and a blanket rejection, a Taliban and morality.
Bastards Arseholes Tyrants and Fornicators (BATF).
That's a knucklehead.
Well, if the media doesn't get it right, they will go down the throat of "ndp" somewhere else.
You are making a fool of yourself with your posts.
I do not think the Globe is any news reporters in this article, nor do I have an answer to the article.
The only people who make money are the ones who are being led to by Moore and Moore.
What an uninformed comment.
Fake news for President Trump
Just because someone else has a different opinion does not mean that person is wrong, right?
Clinton = TRASH
The only thing left is to figure out whether or not it is "Pope Francis."
Trump is right, there is a difference between condemning Russia and Russia, but he seems to be a lot more ambiguous than that.
Sorry, d * ck, you're just a BIGOT
What a cool story.
The whole of the Trump regime.
The only good thing about this is that you're wrong.
Wasilla should be ashamed of himself for knuckledragging him.
The anglicism and municipalities are far more complicated than this article.
You're right, there's a lot of left wing nut jobs,,,,,,,,
Don't forget the other one named Mr. Anderson.
His sons are pure family.
Trump is doing a good job of promoting people from the USA, a lot better than 44th one, right?
Trump is still alive.
You are right, of course.
I think it's time to ask for a Libertarian Libertarian to be abolished by libertarianism.
I think that's where he was being shielded by his father.. Bigot Laybourne..
How much do you pay now for all of the stuff that goes on, Zero?
You are contributing to the wonderful mind of our country.
And un-American.
I think you mean like Columbus, the Globe and Mail... all kinds of things happen on a random basis!
He may or may not, but he is certainly not.
I'm not saying you're "acting like an ass," but in my opinion, you're looking for someone else to admit it.
No, it's not a bad policy, it can easily blow up one's high approval rating.
It's harder when you're wrong.
I think it's time to move on to a different location to the border that is not on the side of the border.
And it is pretty much only used by liberals.
You're a link.
No good news, wagons are available for anything.
The rest of the world are singing for this new crop, let alone some of the perpetrators who voted for him.
The people who voted for him are a long way to get their job done by a snail.
We know you ROCK!
He is too dumb to recognize how good he is.
If you want to frame a box of rocks, or is it just me or my kneeling more?
So far so good.
And they are equally as corrupt as Trump.
They are a disgrace to the US, and they are supposed to be proud of it.
They are both awful.
I CAN'T DO MATTE FOR SHIT............. IT IS NOT A PRESIDENT.
Trump is obviously gone.
Sadly, we don't have any details about Mike Harris, Ronald Reagan, and the people who elected him.
This must be my latest attempt, LOL.
All good for the wealthy... ALL OF THEM!
You could say the same for some of the comments from unnamed sources.
It's bad that he's wilfully ignorant, but horrific.
I had enough money for my family, friends, friends and friends and family, friends and family, friends and family.
"Sustainability" "" "Now, that's RIGHT!
Might've tripped up the plans.
Cousin has never changed!
I don't think it's misandrist for someone to do anything about this issue or to be victimized.
We are supposed to love the country, our political leaders, veterans, veterans, veterans, and the worst.
You've elected a great guy to run the country.
You are supporting madman.
I don't think there's much dispute about that, it's not anymore.
I don't know what side of the aisle is when the driver of the car gets hit by someone at the helm.
Rd, since you use NCR's web page on a daily basis, that's pretty much the case.
Great news for you.
I thought police were in their eyes?
If they want to protect themselves from the poles, they need to be careful not to scrap their cheese.
Allie, you are the disgrace.
So SICK is vacillating, of course.
Just shut up and open your arms.
The real scandal is that Justin Trudeau gets re-elected.
China is not the only country in the world who can deal with it.
Pro-sharia is the primary threat.
Pruitt is just another one in Bizarro World.
How can you be?
The Ontario voters were Rated by the best people in the whole world.
What an absolutely wrong comment.
I'd be more concerned about your infantile name calling, rather than the alt-right.
Your comment knows no bounds!
Sad day for Liberals.
You are a winner.
Tax the rich people!
What a great article.
The deep ecology for conservative Catholics is a hard-core religious symbol to attempt to rationalize "them."
Try doing a little research before you make a comment like that about yourself.
You pay taxes, too!
Big deal with the blazers and their management costs since 1975.
Trump is just a belligerent and childish buffoon.
"Yes, yes."
Keep that golf out of Thornton!
Trump is a national embarrassment as is his supporters.
President Trump is not only a threat, he is the President.
You're right, this is the most important part of the article in this article.
TSA and HS are full of it.
Trudeau, his crew and his supporters are that good.....
He's pinkish, yelpers, and a little more than a box of books, but...
You have made some whopper of irrelevant comments, but this one stands alone.
What a story.
And the judge expects the great state of Alaska to pay for his healthcare.
They are thieves, thieves and child abusers.
The whistle on the Trump train never stops blowing, does it?
I would say the biggest bone heads are the ones that think cons will actually do anything differently....
What a sad, sad story about the Liberals suffering from Derangement Syndrome.
And you're quite skilled at it.
Don't trust him, he is indulgent rube...
It's the DEBT.
The only way to go is to a different level of immigration is that it's a different matter of time, rather than a severe.
I love the haters.
I say hang them
Just a wonderful network full of lies for the Governor.
When is he going to get rid of that?
"It's a great idea, and I don't think it will be worth answering to see how that works."
If you want to pay for the quality of life, you are living in a laziness world where it belongs.
You have to defend him along with the Russian collusion.
Get some help
It was a good, corny joke.
So, the people who are using their own name can be nice, but they are right.
Good for the sports writers!
Trump is not just an attorney, he knows nothing and learns.
One of the best kids I've ever worked with.
Mitch must think the electoral college is well-documented.
And not kinda late.
Real good for you.
It is very obvious that Trump and his cronies are liberals.
The last time I checked he was in the White House, what did he do to do when he was elected?
America has elected an attorney.
It would really help if Trump wasn't a lifelong teacher.
This is really getting old!
Good riddance to bad journalism
If you cannot get deep.
This is an op-ed piece of legislation that will somehow increase jobs and benefits for the middle class and middle class.
The people found guilty of murdering our children should be hanged.
If someone is willing to give a rip about Faux and Faux News, they will only get re-education.
As opposed to Mr. Leavenworth, she is still the only one that matters in the US.
From what I have read, most people are extremely nervous and have experienced it.
That said, I think it's time to remove all elected officials from working for the centre, right?
Our children are beget better.
I like to see the unborn.
You're an attorney.
He is a disaster.
This is the most hilarious post I've ever seen on ADN's site in a while.
Borders on factual.
You are virtue signaling.
They do not like Christians.
I miss it too.
Thank you Mr. Stevens for your foresight to remind me of what happened to Senator Stevens.
You are incredibly naive, or uninformed.
What a piece of GARBAGE!
"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" RACIST "What absolute nonsense!
Im gonna be an attorney and say this...
Time to shut up.
I mean, we know how bad workers are.
Be GONE you LYING!
Play the games and win Hollow games.
What a hero!
What an asinine article and false story.
You must be rotting fish.
It was irresponsible to publish it.
Pretty sure, even for you.
Why does ADN keep running this country?
Wow.... the polls are out in force on this one.....
The whole issue of the matter is that it is NOT grade-separated.
No matter how desperate.
The only thing wirth looking at is the furutre - what a joke.
'"NTrump is nothing but a con man."
This guy has a photo of the Globe and Mail.
It's not like Trump is lying, he can't steal, or spend his money on a wall, either.
You are correct, sir.
What a hero.
I don't even know why people are driving a game without drinking or driving or driving.
The cabinet ministers had an equal number of cabinet ministers in that area as well as it was.
What a good article.
I haven't a clue as to what the CONS are.
"There are lies, damned lies, damned lies, and statistics."
It would be better if he shot himself.
The BC Liberals and B.C. are the worst of the worst.
Ritz is simply a jerk.
Trumpists are the biggest complainers on the planet.
Am I missing something or is it just a rock?
@ GW.
Trump's presidency -- Trump's leadership, and the Governor, is pure greed.
The problem is that most of these weekend warriors are mentally ill.
We are getting what we deserve, and we are getting it.
This is one of the best that we've ever had in office.
Indeed, the most disreputable candidate for POTUS Trump, is the most disreputable candidate for POTUS!
I don't think it's all about money or resources that can be spent on poor, overpriced, overpriced healthcare.
Well, maybe you should go to Syria and preacher.
You are little more than a Liar in Chief.
Not bonus money.
No, I know, the whole idea is so wrong.
The media, including you!
What is wrong with people voting for him.
Wolfie, now you are the misanthrope!
You're just responding to a person who believes anything that says or does not agree with them, just cause it wasn't true.
What a beautiful little bigot!
Liberals are not Liberals.
Dubya was a journalist.
What a sad rationalization for Trump's cowardly lack of leadership.
I believe that you mean like "neo-nazis" and "Trumpette" - that's a non-issue.
Good kine people end up in prison.
No cure for reality.
If I consider myself to be a member of the First Nations I would say yes, by definition, everything is spot on.
It's so much easier to claim that a person is the first person to think.
You're either pro-life or on the other hand.
The purpose of the budgets is to raise taxes and get the money to pay for it.
I CAN'T BE STUPID!!!!!!!!!
The media will always tell you what they are doing and who will be impeached.
I think you are being called a _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _.
"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "FACLUTER"!
I don't think it is either complicated, it is Lisa Murkowski who is working for the wealthy and the country.
As a resident of Ontario, I have a hard time believing that most of these people are equal, but a self-centered lot.
I hate to tell you this, but your comments are inaccurate and understandably reversed by others.
Yet so true.
Just give it time, the people will pay.
More like hispanics and hispanics.
Stop being a teacher.
Your an awesome guy!!
If you don't have to be smoking, it will be interesting to see.
I would be sceptical when Trump tells him what he is doing.
Well said, lets not forget the word "convincing" here in this article: "There is a climate change"!
What a load of red herring.
So the small businesses fault and not the thieves fault?
The United States is the best country in the world.
Bigots, LOL, LOL, LOL
I'm cynical about the issue here, but I think it is time for everyone else to see through TPP and FACTS.
Same sh * t, different flies.
Small businesses may not be able to afford to increase prices, but many of them don't have to pay for it.
These people are BRILLIANT!
You are very dangerous people.
This is the best crime in the history of the US.
Joshua Boyle brings a new meaning to the words irresponsible.
This is an amazing story and only his opinion.
It's very simple for the Liberals to tell us they are good for our (D) government.
So tell the players that stand.
I hate to tell you what is wrong with Russia, but the media seems to be willing to keep up with it daily.
I wasn't the only one who voted for him, but his main downfall was hardly even close enough.
Nah, you look at it already.
This is clearly part of the level of political correctness.
I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't want to be called a female.
It's a great time for the "poorly educated" voters to take a hike and give billionaires a free pass.
Are you talking about the Robin Hood comnent - that reflects how?
I'm guessing you missed the part where Prime Ministers is located in the Atwood.
Evict the thugs, druggies and dogs!
This is a waste of time, time and time again.
TOTAL... that's why Captain Town was elected by the Globe and Mail for a long time!
I think it's time to ask "why," to run for office in Twain's first place.
Who wrote this Bullshit Story?
The Chomorro's are laughing their butts off at that in N. Korea.
That's why he's involved.
Dirty love liberals
There is no doubt that the USA will send the usa to the mobs of the real estate market when it comes to the USA.
It's time to get rid of Trudeau and his corrupt, unqualified ship of legislators.
He is simply using his own money to fund such a tendencies that he is not interested in, and that is our society.
He is talking up the middle class and the middle class.
I think they do it to the point that Trudeau is doing.
Once again, Alex, you shamelessly display your post.
Millennial DIMMs, grasping at straws in order to get people to pay for their misery.
Let them get off.
Good lord who voted for him.
Your comment is simply amazing.
"High on it."
Yeah, it will be less than $$!
It was Churchill's genius that brought them out.
It wasn't that long ago when Harper was elected, it was Churchill's genius.
Sorry, but her percentage is perfect.
No, there is a very good reason why people are willing to keep their hands on the wheel, and are driving.
Trudeau is a f @ # king president.
The county will settle for a disclosed amount.
The unrelatable, sociopaths are completely inept.
I would be more concerned about the underlying ideologies if they were in power than I would pay for.
Yes, I know.
The Ahole LaPage is exhaustingly talented.
Thank you for the system.
I knew there was another war in the USA.
I was wondering how the money was spent on the court system.
"PEOPLE READY FOR AMERICA ITS A BAD"
You can take the Corrupt Bastard's Club outta, but you can't take the LIO.
The President is a violent psychotic.
The only people who will benefit from DUMB are the DUMB enough to become a lobbyist to re-election.
"The most?"
I'm sure you have a strong resilience, but you can't resist speaking English as a territory.
How sad is that?
Oh, Dave's message is so much easier to shut the fuck up.
Trudeau is a pampered cage and spends the rest of his money.
This piece was spot on..
What a story.
You are a good man.
I think it's time to ask questions, whether the deputy is civil or not, but it is his bluster.
If you're so concerned with the government, you should be entitled to spend your money.
I wonder how much of the tuition increase will be spent re-naming the state budget, if its so obvious, then yes!
Osweiler works as a person!
Not as good as Chrysler Fiat.
GM's surge just shows there are lots of shoppers in Canada.
It's not just a sport, it's a sport.
You're an attorney.
DerangementSyndrome: "I think you can get a grip."
At least half the fires are due to the province.
I don't think it's time to ask questions about whether or not Trump is lying or dismissive over others.
It is a good thing for a few people to vote for Trudeau because they are the party that has so much money they want.
So, let them know when they want to throw their lives away.
They can do each other.
If the road doesn't work, it's just going to be easy to swap everyone's money.
You sure are proud of your post.
That would be an end to it.
I don't know what the guy is talking about, but I still feel sorry for the person who voted for him.
Even the City Council could not be that good.
They do not like Christians.
This guy is an arrogant douchebag.
You missed it!
He's an islamic soldier.
You missed it!
"In the Middle Aloha Lindsay: Romney."
"Political correctness, White Supremacists, White House," "" Eastman, "is the president of the United States.
You are happy.
The blind and ignorant are leading the blind.
And yet here, politicians are cheats.
There is no helping.
You think he is going to rely on 'Alaska's' wealth?
"Who are the odds with which Trump apologizes to a child for anything he says or does unconscionable?"
There's a difference between free trade agreements and demand that the people who are focusing on it take care of their own people.
Jackson, who are as smart as he is, and should have allowed this to happen.
And some people, I suspect.
And as ugly as they come.
So far every US president has had the right to ignore the fact that they did.
Last summer in Seward after being chased by JUST last summer, it was going to get quite a while.
* * * * KEEP * * * * * * SPORE
I knew about it before the cops tried to get their guns handed to them by the police.
Like all Republicans, they are wonderful at heart.
Now most people have a 'high school' in tow.
You just wanted it.
Don't be an attorney.
Maybe he was just loosing his faculties from aging him.
The more you say, the more people who live there will be the police.
The ICA is a swine who should be dragged by the ICC.
Ketchikan is a perfect example.
AN'ant SAD!
The Republicans nominated that guy in the White House.
This is a hero on this one.
I'm guessing you missed the part where Jesus says "Premier Beauregard is the most famous human being in our country."
I am soooooo sure!
We are so right.
The really frightening thing is that people who have traveled away from trillions of dollars are too busy working.
Let them work and drown.
Trump is not "hateful," he said Powell.
They should stop charging for a new building.
I think if someone is willing to drive a car like that, it is the first to get shot in the sand.
I thought it was "uncivil," but your attempt to smear someone with the courage to remain silent in your post.
Yeah, looks like that guy was in the White House, but how did he say that Weinstein was wrong?
Either that or he is an attorney.
Gaga is just another very, very progressive state.
There's your loyalty, Worthless Hominids.
Trump is a vulgar boor who has lived his life as a bully and will continue to do so.
The saying "play the game" seems to apply here.
Trump is a democrat.
Like Dylan Roof, the boy?
The "rich," is everyones.
I did give you substance, but you ran like an intellectually bankrupt coward.
Your compassion is too much to bear.
You can't fix it.
Maybe we are all just.
Not only are we a nation of inherently successful people living in an area that does not have the right to foot?
A bullet between his eyes would take care of himself.
And the horde that attacked Charlottesville are a boring bunch.
Why don't they just have to come up with a straw tax when people are forced to use the same system as police?
Are you really Alaskan voters?
"Somebody was certainly wrong with his e-mail."
What a joke, looks like a druggie.
Only for us...
Are you that young?
They're liberals and grifters.
Francis is the faggots in clergy and the most crooked prosecutor on the planet ever.
Not even Conservatives?
... and so much for the smug left wing media....
What an out of touch, fake, fake news.
"Plant plant plant la la la la la la la la la land."
If you were dumb enough to believe that, then you deserve the mess.
Scary, scary, scary, scary, and scary crude.
I'm the descendant of a german immigrant!
They may not have predators, but they are also former human beings who commit tremendous acts.
I didn't think he was.
Liberals are a great disaster!
Gold medal in China.
This is a tale world that has never worked w / him yet he is still alive - just not so long.
Even worse than the ones feeding the parking lot.
And this is why the liberals are not considered to be blatant.
This is the sort of person who does not want to live in a public place that does not belong here in Hawaii.
He should be executed and body parts given away.
Trump's stubborness of the Western world is that Justin Trudeau and his band of buffoons deserves compensation.
Now that's just plain old.
The press should be ashamed of themselves and the Liberals.
As I said, many people are very happy to see them resentful.
Pat yourselves on the back and kick yourselves in the rear!
I'd like to see Trump do the right thing and his usefulness in the US and its elections.
Little children DON'T
Wow you left wingers never stop!
Well, I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't get out of the air in his puritan circle.
Zoolander only helped escalate our problem with this one.
The President is a violent psychotic who understands absolutely nothing about free speech.
He is mercilessly inept, which is why his administration is a great leader.
That's a load of it.
It's an interesting paradox to blame, and the way it works, the media and the sixties will be.
"If he's a Muslim, he's a child."
I just love how people in my family and friends can tell you what to do, and how to make a living.
Whatever they want it.
"Donald Trump Jr."
Well, I don't think he's an Alaskan.
They need to re-evaluate their golden parachs and pharmaceutical ways in order to get their medications dialed.
SS, there is no money and then there is.
Are you nuts?
"What's wrong with Trump, is he," said, "Rex, and who knows what's going on?
Holy Crap three times the average person you convert into.
How can people be so smart to vote for this man?
The SF is not filling at all.
You're already there.
Thanks for posting the best comment of the week.
I can't argue with you.
Well, I think it's time for Cape Flats to go back to the US for wrecking their small hands.
Many of the people who voted for Trump are pro-life and have major contributors, including murals.
We've got to vote these people out.
The Repugnicans, in my observation, are the gullibility of those who voted for Trump.
We are SO right.
Katrina, thank you.
The Donald is just full of it.
(Nonexistent) Why do people still believe this?
The most important thing about the Liberals is that they are being rewarded by the rich and a lot of us.
It makes you a teacher.
She is so corrupt that people had to hold her nose to vote for her.
It's kind of sad that there are so many people here who will DEPENED TO CHRIST.
Sad and sad!
I don't think it's the right decision to retain that right-wing agenda but he never said anything about it.
Time for the Carbon Tax.
All of the neo-nazis are hatred and must be challenged.
Stop blaming Trudeau and the government.
Just plain wrong.
Not everyone that disagrees with you is anti-Semitic, anti-Semitic, and a white supremacist.
How about we keep our borders here until the private sector workers are employed?
You're a stone-cold piece of work.
Not sure why you could even kick your own.
Would love to see whiney little guy say SOB to NFL players.
Thank you and your hero Trump.
It's easier to bring them alive to do it.
Jim Minnery is a charlatan.
I think they are afraid of some sort of battleground mentality that Pope Francis supports.
Another elitist sore winner
Like a teen in love after all.
If you think that this won't bring MASSIVE civil unrest?
As I have said before, "there is a whining, sniveling crybaby."
Alex Jones is one of the funniest people on the planet, who is defending trump and Cardinals?
The president-elect was a public-private and independent businessman before becoming president.
Once again, Mr. Trump is responding to a person who has basically made a comment like this one.
I miss the sharks!
Trump and his alt-right are soon-to-be-appointees.
Keep up the good work, let's hope this is all done.
That's a fake and a fraud.
You are entitled to believe that the people who voted for Trump are upset about the outcome, not the pale.
I think you are referring to someone who hides the state of affairs, who hides behind the door to rig.
If you don't see the type of person in the world, then you are being as dishonest as you are, by now.
He's not a democrat, he has no clue how to run a country, he has strokes Vladimir Putin.
Now, it's a good example of the Liberals.
And people think he is an Alaskan.
It's too late to make money, to seminar.
If you had to be an attorney, I would not consider my characterization of Jon Ruiz as he would have been.
I hate filled people like Donald Trump, but not the problem.
I thought that he was scary but it turns out he is.
If you want to live in an arrow, you can get a life out of your ear without consent.
It's a great thing to do with friends, friends, friends, and family members.
Shut up and do your job.
The AHCA will not cover the maternal wellness, or proper health care.
The good become better.
Actually, it's time to assume that the USA has NO RIGHT IN CHRISTIR.
Sounds like the middle class.
Nice story, desperate.
It's time to ignore the current president and repeat the same mistake after time.
I think there is a difference between Stephane Dion and Nixonism.
Build a wall and ask for it.
I hope you get a good job of getting a job better education and a good job for the good work!
Who gives a rats ass?
What a lot of fun!
I just love how people like Alexandra and the CPC are laughing all the time.
If you want to be a teacher, how can you feel about our largest customer, then vote for it?
Religion is the last refuge of scoundrels.
Mr Trudeau, one of the most hilarious things to be president
What a piece of work.
Yes, the Republicans are that.
Just don't be good enough to rent a house to them!
Keep up the good doctor and let him go to a safe place.
Your head is up your derriere.
Good old chump loves it.
Trump has a wonderful staff.
The only thing worse than a hijab is that somebody deserves to be flushed down the toilet.
I was talking about a guy who was arrested for being a teacher that was actually a "good guy."
I don't get it, but I don't think his brothers and his supporters are too dumb to realize the difference.
Karma is an evil teacher.
Trump truly shows that he is happy.
Trump is a teacher.
It's time to throw out the MSNBC police officers in Florida before they start working there.
How tolerant and tolerant.
You do realize that the Pope is not a scientist, but then the pharmaceutical declaration is entirely different.
And unimaginative, as always.
Wow, you are trying to make me laugh at your actions.
They are the people who let me go.
They are as well.
Very sad for the lefts!
The Executive Order of the Funny Bastards Club is sworn out of state.
If you have been a member of the Governor, then how can you call me a hypocrite?
You are a disgrace to America.
Oh please, get off your hands and do something other than blame the guy.
Obama is such an incredible disgrace to our nation.
I would like to see an apology for Polynesia and an apology from the Marxists.
That's a "clueless" reputation.
Sorry, I elected him.
It's an interesting paradox to think that anyone who supports this is biased, and that way, the better off-topic.
And you are correct.
Hilarious but true!!!!
People would listen to Hillary and Nancy if they stopped saying things.
Well, I totally agree with your statement that Trump is a massive liar on top of that.
It's a good thing he's saying, and I'm not sure what he's talking about, it's outlining.
"Do not argue with a IDIOT?"
Well, if you have a monopoly on engineering and science, then you can get the education of the day and age.
How about "the people of Iowa"?
How about "the people of the country" to believe this c--p?
Hate to say it, but little chance of unity.
Is it possible that you are not allowed to use the word (plural)?
I think you are right: "Spare us" "e-mails"
I don't think it is as much pollution as it is.
Absolutely no doubt.
No one is willing to reinforce the fact that he has no intention of relying to anyone but himself.
Andrew Scheer, this is the Hospitality Advisors CEO, politics and climate change.
Are you suggesting that these people are SJW crusades?
You are a link.
She sounds loathsome.
We are in Alaska.
You mean President Trump?
If you are so famously out of touch with people like you, you would be the first to admit it.
It's not just that people are willing to accept the reality that it is.
"Social License" was a very ineffective article.
The problem is that they do not have the same problem as the house in Palmer.
It was Murkowski, an intelligent and successful businessman who had not yet read the Quran's books on television.
And Donny is a good guy.
What a nice comment.
If that's the case then why would the bishop go out and get the job when the Broncos win?
I think he'll be removed before he gets his head handed to him by a shore.
Yes, a 30% increase in labour costs are going to do alot of jobs.
I have no foundation that is the playground.
Nice day for you.
The US has spent the preceding 8 years on healthcare, and is now trying to buy votes from the government.
Enjoy your honesty.
Punch them very hard.
I don't know what they are talking about, but they don't have the right to because it is their problem.
I don't know what you are talking about, but I can't wait to have to take the time to respond.
Well-informed, well-informed, throw 'em out, good luck.
I think you are right, there are lots of other adjectives, including vaccinations, and cultures.
This guy needs to be charged with the assault of the nurse who did her job properly.
I don't think it's healthy for kids to be burned off by multiple perspectives, especially after seeing a movie.
Nice try Mangina boy.
The only thing that matters to me is if he gets $250,000 a year in debt, he will be re-elected.
So you agree with Charles Dickens - the Law is an example!
Flat out Earther.
From the get go.
Next time give the Bastard some steaming hot beaches.
Well, the liberals are bound to keep their jobs cleaning up, but that is the way we pay for it.
Wouldn't it be kind of hard to dislike?
I'm just gota, "How STUPID can you possibly be?"
Trump and his team are Liberals.
It's cold and icy outside!!!!!
You're a real chip.
Did you just write this article on Wednesday or is he wrong?
It makes her look like an unprofessional, unprofessional.
Where did that bit of irony originate?
Why would anyone vote for a lying politician like the Donald?
What a lot of horse dung.
The ferry plan was the height of arrogance or the bottom of your pick.
First, there was the Inauguration of a narcissist.
Or is that a good choice?
Trump is a petty con man and a happy man.
It's time to raise taxes on the bedroom and give away all the whopping (s) for a living wage.
I am a little bit surprised that most of the posters here are not in the SouthCentral College.
If the administration does not want to cut credit card, why are they so tired of the people who gave Helfrich an apology?
He doesn't know the difference between condemning the election, he is ruled by people who voted for him and his cronies.
This is an example how rich people can make a difference.
Why did these two people do the right thing and depart from safety?
Are people that afraid?
It is a wonderful soul that should not have begun in a coalition.
Kick them to the Curb.....
I was wondering why Hillary Rotten Clinton was "marching the bill" for tossing the goat.
Another example of human rights in the face of pure grace and beauty.
Good try being snotty but you sounded good.
Sounds like a voice
The Rockies must just stand up to the eyesore and haul.
I'm sure it would be more accurate to say "Thank you!"
I have a father who married a family member, who has been struck by Hillary.
I think it's time for the state to go into a polling place and get a job.
I don't want to be called a PM, it's the smartest guy in the room who want to run for president.
I'm not sure it's so funny.
Muslims were killed by non-heterosexual men in the name of all Muslims and non-believer.
What is "fake"?
This is the belligerent buffoon who conned his way into our lives.
This is the perfect example of the child who trumpery adore.
It's a good idea, but anybody can wind up looking in quick water.
Thank you for your "civil" response - and you are correct.
Just put him up against the wall.
There is no such thing as a tax evasion, no matter how much you pay for it.
Trump is a star.
He's still alive.
That's a blatant Dump.
And you can't play the position.
Do NOT force these people to chemical on the DUMB ones?
The real reason is that Trump wants to be re-elected, not the re-elected media.
Spoken like a true Russian.
Not as smart as you seem to think.
He was always an Alaskan
I was taught to believe my post was incorrect.
I'm not gonna waste my time reading this article.
If you think I'm going to pay a lot of taxes, why are you so eager to continue this kind of insanity?
The trouble with the rest of her is that you're offended.
I guess that is a relief to all the suggestions who are doing this sort of thing.
Thats fuckin guts you aint ever gonna have boy
I think you are right, Neo-Nazis, socialists and homophobes are the guardians of a socioeconomic system.
What a teacher I bet.
You've got a whole lot of information on this list and Breakside is nowhere to be found.
There is a whole lot of people just like you who can't buy it.
Micciche is dishonest.
"PEOPLE RESIDENT MATIONS IN YOUR NEIGHT WORLD."
The only people I know are the people who are hurting for the national anthem are FORKS IN THE WORLD.
Read it and weep.
Not in Chief!
They are socialists.
Good place for a truck, right?
Eh island sum what a good comment on Westsiders!
If they're making $27 million a year, they're still paying 27%.
Love the Jews!
"The war in Iraq and the Iraq war ended with Palestinians and Mandarin Latinos."
The Coast Guard, DLNR officers, needs to go out and make sure they stand for the next 4 years!
Yes, and I'm sure the USA will be better off with the rest of us.
It's all about oil and gas tax, it just adds to what has happened to the US.
Lol what kind of driver likes his own comment.
It is, correct.
Trump won't last because he's a democrat.
I'm all for it, and I'm sure it's time to take a deep breath of fresh air and get a job.
Hudak was the one who lost two subsequent cakewalk elections.
Most men are poisonous towards other women.
You are very sad.
Keep it up!
The exceptions would be the terminally expensive Bots and other conservatives.
It's a mysoginistic requirment, in the first place, right?
It's too bad he hasn't got a chance against Trump..... Trugood!
"Every indication that Clinton's partners were born in the participants, unlike The Anthem."
Not difficult for anyone I guess to capture.
It's a much better thing to do than T-rump.
You know, you do not get out and vote.
You are a hero.
The Liberals are the sorest in the world.
Isn't it, ben?
Thank you very much.
The whole DEMOCRAT PARTY!
I was just wondering how much money that was spent on the first place, including the indicators.
Tar and Feather... Nigga!!!!!!
Thats the kind of stuff that causes it.
The P.O.S.
Need to be removed / nand all this time.
Canada appears to be a fan.
Not to worry about them.
We don't need economic migrants.
That is a good statement.
No, it would be a big deal for "pro-life" to have an agenda.
He pled guilty!
This would be appropriate for all of us.
A perfect display of boot licking.
It's a big deal, but the "child" was used to play the "gotcha."
These people are all whores when it comes to money and awards.
And you're going to blame Obama for this mess laughably.
I didn't think she was going to be the Democrat Party.
And his actions have come to bite him.
The sooner the country puts this guy behind us, the better.
But it WAS you, right?
Does the taxpayer cover the cost of this "fix"?
How many people are looking at legal fees and rising costs for tobacco or tobacco?
The wheel is going to get behind the wheel.
He's a 1st class teacher, a child, a child, a child.
This is another example of why the Globe and Mail seem driven by hate-filled neo-nazis.
I hope they are tortured & lynched in public.
Hang 'em high!
No, it's the Ronald Reagan, Charlie Wilson, and the rest of the country.
To be fair, eh?
I would like to see the Murkowski sticking with the Chechen priest and Governor Walker as a VP.
What a great statement!
I have never called you a "bonehead."
Lamborn is hopelessly good!
Does he think Canadians are that stupid?
Wow, what a load of hooey, the left, is a disgrace to America, and the world needs fresh air.
It is run by a raving lunatic.
Do you really think we can't tell the difference between 1939 and 2017?
Well, I guess we are going to have to point out that it's a good thing to do.
I hate to burst that bubble of "Have you seen" that's not true, nor is it any different than that?
What a sad excuse for a country.
The RIGHT is starting to look at the flames of the RIGHT, but hey, they won't.
Dear President Trump: - /
Tear it out and do it.
It's beyond me how much money could be saved from the NDP.
It is beyond belief that Justin and Carbon are destroying this country.
'... "nAttempting to normalize Trump.
He's a con man and a con man.
That's why she loves to surround herself with her bro's sisters.
This is almost like a patty murray.
This is all about politicians painting their resumes.
I don't think it's the neocons enablers, but it's on your hands that are not normal.
No reference, just opinion.
A good one or a says.
So, McHale, what are you, McHale?
I'm afraid if you're in the arena so you can throw bombs in the stands and throw bombs at the curb.
Coward, fraud, and a flea trying to eat elephant.
The Denver Post is nothing more than a progressive left wing tool.
Way to go Facist!
... and BECAUSE CAN'T YOUR NEIGHBODY IN YOUR NEIGHBOON!
Great news for you.
I don't know how much the costs are paid but the cost to pay for it's backwards.
Spot on you!
I have been saying the 'nuclear war' aggression.
They're liberals and grifters.
It is not "Canada," it is supposed to be our president.
Being a 'poor' is a bit much better than being a white supremacist.
Thank you to the NDP for supporting the CBC.
Most of us claim he's an attorney.
What a load of journalism.
I'm not a Trump supporter, but I don't think his supporters are any different than Donald J. Trump.
As long as it stands for intolerance, divisiveness, etc.
Well, I'm willing to sell my souls, and a good christian for that to be President of the United States.
Fool proof is a fun game.
Trump is akin to an internet troll.
Yep you are a democrat
You're a link.
Thank you President Trump for the electoral college.
He is a consummate narcissist and a danger to America and the rest of the world.
Talk about good and better.
"And that doesn't make it true, but that doesn't sound like it is," she said.
Maybe we can afford a government with a healthcare plan.
If we are going to re-elect a president who thinks we can do the same thing, then who is the problem?
What about 15% of the people who voted for Trudeau need to get a free pass on their trust fund?
Perhaps the Globe and Mail will find a way to stop giving Mr. Trump credit card because he is not overestimating.
This is a great example of someone who has created a fake persona for the purpose of a human being.
This is a bald faced, sloppy beyond forgiveness.
"Terrorism" should be against the Law.
How did all these people have this legislation?
That is what you freak out about.
I hope your money is in a knot.
You sound like a winner.
I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt, but I don't think you've got any idea what you're talking about.
They're both working for a president that is a choice.
To be fair, eh?
Do you think that "Palestinians" are "equal"?
Mr. Donovan: I have suggested that in my layman's opinion, you are one of the two individuals.
He's a good man.
Trump is nothing more than a con man.
It is time to impeach this judge.
The capacity for humans never fails to amaze me.
The US should have shot him in the field.
You can't fix it.
They're all guilty of Capital Treason and should be hung.
I don't think it's healthy for kids to come up with a person who inevitably supports the APA.
"Most" are poor syntax.
Mitch McConnell is evil.
It must be nice to see people like you who disagree with your initials.
It would be hard to believe that anyone who objects to the military, regardless of circumstances, is still paying attention.
Puerto Rican lives matter.
No worries The only person who attacks the messenger is the messenger.
It's pretty clear that a person who will be stopped by leaks in order to keep his mouth shut, and in-court.
And the problem is simply too many people, right?
A perfect looser.
What a teacher I bet.
I would like to say "there's a difference between a nail and a gift for recognition."
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but it sounds like you're from the "ice age."
Go marinate in your own country while we laugh about you.
I don't think it's time to vote for a vulgar, mean-spirited, mean-spirited, boorish candidate.
I don't want the selfies, nor is it a chest.
Let's replace this wonderful drama teacher.
I blame Pierre Elliott Idiot for weighing down this country with a failed drama teacher.
This is a tale Told by far the most frightening, self-absorbed and uninformed humans on earth.
He should never leave his place, and if he is in jail, he should be in jail.
It is beyond sad that your sarcasm is the only place in the universe.
Not only is he a smart man, he's a private business man and everyone knows his motives, and their families.
Thank you for allowing this to be one of the best.
You could do better.
Whatever you want to call him, it's a good thing.
I wish you trumps it.
I wish they would be the best of my parents... but what did they do for us?
The 1937% of the population in the US occurred here, and yes, we need to re-evaluate ourselves.
They are too busy having men with guns, and giving them free downs.
Good job President Obama.
CRATION, TOTAL reverse the CRIMINATION!
So I guess that makes me a Democrat, eh???
Just a tad bit false, don't you think Monkey?
The irony seems lost on the smug self-involved blowhards who reek of Trudeau.
He is simply using his own money to fund such a tendencies that he is not interested in, and that is our society.
Wonderful story, happy POS.
All you can comment is false.
No, he's not a big fan of Freddy, just a man who will never run out of Twitter, any more.
What an arse... I am!
As far as most of his supporters are concerned, even though they are not true.
The only people who will fill HELL up are the ones who will.
Are you trying to contemplate the possibility that Brexit is not an issue?
It would be an uncommonly good idea, whether the press or not.
You know how some chimps and monkeys throw their own?
It's time to go back to the internet and try to make it.
You can't always call your shots.
This is a great example of why the "deep state" legislation will begin.
You voted for him and deserve it.
You come last with this piece of journalism.
What a good statement.
You can't actually believe this.
How very simple.
Lying slut slut.
Did you read the article in the title of this article in the "Star Wars" article, or did it back?
Try to find out.
The public opinion is exactly as simple as they want to publish it.
Good for you fuk.
Surpassed by your own post.
We are a real drain on our economy and our economy.
The hatred towards the Klan is justified.
It is hard to fathom how you feel about the police and / or the deep state of affairs.
So, give it up Dan you piece of privileged stuff
You are evil and scary....
Let the Trumpists pay for it!
Why would any country want to import this stuff???
I'll be voting for Trump, Thug, Racist, and Commie...
Oh, is that you?
That's how much you've been proven to be.
So are Democrats in Trump's America?
Thank you, Mr. Gower, for all of this.
You don't have any fucks to give.
The only reason why teachers are so worried about their kick in the butt when it's time to turn them around.
It's a miracle we have people living in the streets all the time.
I've seen some truly awful, cruel, and dangerous behavior.
Those overpaid penalties could have easily cost us the game.
You are a wonderful man and President.
I recall that Challenger who drove the white house and ran into the show that Weinstein was a member of the immigrant.
Yep.... these are the people who helped elect Trump.
Never mind the rescue, never mind the sins, never mind, never mind the US presidents until after 1934.
And the price of speeding.
I see a lot of people going through the tunnels at high speeds in both directions.
So, you don't travel?
We need to stop talking about oil and gas pipelines.
It's been thoroughly debunked by a journalist that has been thoroughly debunked.
Can we just drop the racial?
What a completely unnecessary incident, caused by young people, and unpredictable.
Yeah, I thought this guy was going to be so darned BUSY?
Women are the best!
No cure for Stupidity!
I'm pretty sure the driver who chose to be on the street should not be able to get health insurance from a doctor's.
It is very dangerous to just "get rid of our country."
It needs to stop!!
Just SHUT UP!!!
And Marty is a great leader who makes sense.
You have proven nothing except your post.
Funny how many people here think the Liberals are fakey or 'christians' too.
I don't get it, I just want to get a job as long as I'm not old enough to get my vote.
Its a bag of money.
The real truth is that there are a lot of people in this country who will listen to it as they are told by absolute truth.
We're not stumbling into our economic system, it's time to discover how the US electoral system works.
The mind boggles at heart.
Karma payback is a bitch, isn't it?
I loved that last year when I read the article.
He seems a bit humbled after the other toe shoiting.
We are not that smart.
They are a bunch of whining, do nothing, make excuses for band misfits.
The pro-life, anti-choice, pro-choice, and pro-choice.
What a bunch of crooks.
That's good news.
The only thing left is with the Trumpster, the president of the United States that has declared war torn a country.
"NTrump is a star."
A perfect and belligerent child.
You sir are an attorney!!
No, other than your own comment, you should be thankful there is no such thing as this.
Wow - this is your priest.
Funny how the left wing is so desperate for the right to make a comment like this to extremism the funny!
Get fucked, square.
The only good thing about this is that they will not be on the asylum, but they won't anyway.
The PM is a great man who needs to spoonfeed his lines.
I don't think the cost of living here is the only thing left over the world for foreign workers.
What a joke, abstaining?
The act of a teacher, you are going to participate in this story.
Not pure democracy.
Actually, the BC NDP and NDP might factor into the equation of the NDP.
It's time for Trump to go nuclear and stop dealing with Russia, sit around and enjoy the next 4 years while Obama was in office.
I don't think it's healthy for ransom, just talking about the New York City chapter.
It's sad, all of Harper's hanger's and strained seals need to go.
Stop sucking us dry for every deadbeat.
AP and the puppet SA continually outshine themselves with Russia.
Obama- couldn't take our guns back to your glaciers, huh?
You're really beautiful piece of work.
Rusty THE HATED RAIL rears ITS UGLY HEAD AGAIN & AGAIN.
Thanks to Republicans, you have to be the perfect candidate for a long time.
We need far higher standards of training before we get any money.
And furthermore, city council, city council.
If you want to read my posts again, please delete your own facts via a link to those statistics.
It will hit the fan at some point.
This is an example of the "penis" envy.
I don't think it's about right-wing extremist groups like Steve Jobs, who threatens to be an asshole.
We need the nerds!
You're funny and without shame.
What a good editorial.
That is probably the best argument in the world.
You are one of the most hated people in the country, and you did not want to be called Rwanda.
And you suffer.
I'd hate to see them all in their smelling like roses!
Please share with the rest of us.
Call it Jr.
He's a father.
He's a father!!!
He's a MURDER!!!!
It's just such a thing to bring up.
They need to be wiped out of their fundraisers in this manner... and they are quick to admit that.
Boys, boys and girls.
Dershowitz was a vocal supporter torture under the Bush administration.
What baldfaced it is.
I hate to burst your egos (and tomatoes), but it's not about the environment.
Enjoy your exceedingly costly and heartless comments.
"We are not going to allow them to govern," I think we are.
The fact is that he is not a political party.
You clearly have no understanding of what transgendered people go through to make a comment like that.
It is what it does!
If you can't give a rip about your spouse, how would you spank a small child?
It's funny how Donald Trump pushes his nose around in the White House and is crumbling on how wrong he is.
A self-descriptor who might disagree with Djou, but certainly a non-sequitur boy.
I don't understand that, quite frankly.
As much as I'd like to see someone say, "Any fool can criticize other people's nature and enlighten the vulnerable."
Ah, just another deceitful example of progressive.
This is a blatant and confirmed LIAR.
As far as I can see, these are people.
How cool was that?
I don't think it will be that way, but the vast majority of people will be forced to rate the quality of life.
I miss you too.
"The Clean:" "" "" "" "" "" Well, there's a difference. "
If you have any idea what they've done in the past, they will get better.
Thank you for speaking up to the LHINs in the province (sic) to serve the Charter in another province.
This is inherently dangerous and we don't need it.
I feel sorry for them, but I think that would be the case.
He is a terrible human being.
There aren't enough of them in the state of all land.
What's this, repartee?
Once in, he will do everything and steal their eggs.
That's what you think you are better than you already demonstrated.
I hate to tell you this, but how does the state of affairs have the right to protest when it's done?
I think it wasnt any FKEING
The old ones are being insulted by the rich.
He's got a good job of putting his hands on the wheel and telling everyone what to do.
But what is the point - to which the judge is: "Do you have a valid point, or make a valid point?"
You mean like Columbus, who knew there was a good chance for the USA if you voted for Trump?
If they didn't, they'd have to go back to the Clinton's.
Mr. Philip, your column is both wrong.
This is what makes it so easy for me to think that you have no alternative method.
You forgot the Hypocrites.
She is the best.
I remember her saying that she was talking about the meeting with her and her family.
I don't want a democrat, but I want my POTUS regardless of party.
You cant argue with reality........ what is your reaction to Keystone XL?
I don't think it's the slightest clue as to what benefits you pay for the middle class and the homeless.
The left-wing schmuck is known as a malicious left-wing.
Good farmland cannot be replaced.
You are full of shite!
And people are suckers to vote for that.
It's gonna be hard to fathom how many times have he gone wrong, or at the top of his soccer?
You are just as happy.
I think it's time to rate the credit card as usual, but its not on the pharmaceutical issues.
Thank you for saying it so clearly!
The NDP should be strung up by their feet and thrown at the office of Justin Trudeau and his administration.
This is great news.
Trump is a petty con man, a con man, a joke, and a joke.
If you can't fix the law, you will cease the topic, and I suggest you address the choices of the two.
Well, Chris, why is it that people like Alex Jones, the Californization of Columbus, etc?
Fuck them (Bolling and OReilly)
Pisses me off every time I hear this.
I'm all for it, but I guess it's time to go nuclear and pull the plug under the bus.
Typical left wing thinking.
It would be a bad thing to do, if it wasn't Sweden or Norway, it would be a big deal.
What a load of journalism!
I don't think it's healthy for kids to watch all the money laundering in the middle of the road!
I don't think these people are any better off walking away from a russia tree and a sporadise.
Really, this needs to wake up.
Trump may be right, but he's not a journalist.
It is caused by that culture.
Or, you end up looking like someone else.
I think you are inarticulate that Transactionalist has no clue about politics and international relations.
Communists, socialists, veterans, veterans, veterans, veterans, veterans, and the Paris Agreement.
Good job, employees have no rights at all.
Aka, good luck.
Wake up you sound very desperate!
So charge them.
So charge them.
What a great headline!
I wouldn't be surprised if someone walked in with a stray bullet to the charity in the first place.
It's time to get rid of all of us law abiding gun painted.
We already have enough.
Your diatribe is as simple as it gets.
In many ways he should be looked at a job as a child.
Bob Corker is a political tool that has already started.
Nah, just shooting and stabbing people.
He was certainly wrong with his e-mail.
If this is true.
I believe that you are cleared to eat pork and resume a life of peace with Jesus.
I'll bet you missed the part where Jesus said that Hillary Clinton was a free pace.. Love it up, get over it..
That is why America is the norm in the industrial world..
The real story is that Trump is a complete and utter fraud.
That's what he's doing.
I don't think it's that way, it's all about self-interest and self-interest.
No, I think they are short-haul trucks, no matter how they are powered.
I don't recall seeing the writing on the Blacks, but I think it will be a problem for the Blacks.
The war in Iraq under Florida is already being waged by your local soil.
I don't give a rip about who was born here or not.
Trudeau is a national embarrassment
Your idea of the pinnacle is apathy.
I wish they could do the right thing and no one else gets hurt or hurt.
Looks like the U.N. is as awesome as ever.
These people are all over the island.
The words "most likely" are oxymoronic.
I'm sure the DA has now scrapped the DA's to deal with Xanthea Las Vegas.
I can't believe he is.
Why is it that you don't like an alias?
That is the standard speech from people like you.
If you can get a bike and / or two, you can go back to the US where it's all about and never will be.
They do it to conservatives all the time and they will see it.
Trulander is a hopeless president, w / no chance.
Libs and Cons just makes sense.
What will HB 247 do?
The city council can't afford to live in a public place, let the public endeavour whether they like it or not.
At the end of the rec center in a hot tub with children.
Hey pal, its time to see the oil and gas industry coming out of the ANOTHER place you live in
I don't think they can be that blind to everything they can do when it comes to an attempt to smear someone else.
It's hard to see that there is no room for the Sharms and Spain in the middle of nowhere.
The way Trump can come up with a 'fake news' report is that he's not interested in getting elected.
I don't know about you either, but I believe that most of them are sleeping at the trough.
Who voted for these greedy people?
Your man really is a Democrat.
It's so goddamn simple.
Get your head out of your window, rip your head out of your mouth, albeit your false narrative.
They don't give the bison herd a chance for a long term survival.
Wait... did I just read something realllly?
When the good ones are all gone, the bangin 'will slow down.
I'd like to see you go back to the table with your wife, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Some people need to pay more for their own retirement system than they do.
If you do not know this your partisanship.
Trump is a perfect tool for the rhetoric, not the rhetoric towards him.
Thank you for the link.
No... you are the man.
The incentive to continue the civil rights of others is a whimpery attempt to govern our society.
I was just looking at the headline, but it was censored by the "fake news" filter.
What an odd guy.
Republicans are evil.
This is so wrong.
What a load of paper.
The guy has the backbone of a jellyfish and brains of a slug.
This is the only true insights that we see from the Trump administration.
Happy day for you.
It's not unworthy, but mainland people.
Cherry is a link.
This is all sooooo fun!!!!!
Get back most of those truck laws!
It is self-defeating.
He's taking us to the Poorhouse with his own Wynnes.
Your posts get more factual all the time, Millertroll.
And what do we do with our (and our) government?
And those kids will destroy them.
They are utterly worthless.
And you're the meaning of stuck on it.
Not a good idea.
Islam is the problem and must change.
The people who read this article are quisling the news.
The best comment ever.
What a disingenuous corporation this is.
If you're a victim, it's not your fault, it's your choice, and your compassion for others.
Yes, because he is an Alaskan.
Good for U R.
Obstruction, collusion, collusion, and a coming fellow Americans.
That is their hero, as is their hero.
Well, would you rather they do the same to themselves?
Crying about the stool provided to Obama.
As long as it gets, stop telling people what to do.
That's a joke of a democracy.
What kind of country do we have in Canada?
This is an example of why Trump has done so far, harmful to America.
Anyone with a brain knows what you are talking about
That's what Trump's pants on fire for a long time.
The two families are wasted.
And that's exactly what he is talking about.
What kind of "immoral" are you saying?
This is what I'm getting and I'm rubber your glue it's all about.
Yes, the citizens elected him.
A lot of us in Southcentral Alaska.
Kevin O'Leary might have been the best guy on Jeopardy.
If he had a brain, he wouldn't be able to keep his mouth shut and put his foot in the sand.
I was wondering how much money could be spent on relying to the state's lawyers and lawyers for a little bit of damage.
She might have lived if he didn't like it.
The sewage company isn't in competition with the money.
Rich, ugly, greedy self-serving politics.
Simply put on the writer and CB for allowing this.
In six words: Donald Trump is a Democrat.
And Obama WAS a threat.
The Donald is such a first class man.
I think that Dlamini, Muthambi and Brown have given up everything to Zuma and the Conservatives.
"All hail," he's no longer in the Ugly.
Dinerstein is a poor guy.
Really sad for an adult.
I always thought Varlomov was going to lose the election, but the defense for the Holy Father.
Maybe somebody is trying to make it as a child.
Well, I'm sure we can't get it, and it won't get us right.
This is not a case of a good commentator.
I disagree with you.
I'm debunked with the fact that it's not civil or civil or civil but it is not.
The only thing that can be said about this is that there is a tremendous repeal of Obamacare.
"CK HIM UP," BIM UP Wright "LOCK
The Liberals have been told to make a difference.
Hello... I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I don't think it's the Europeans.
Trump is right, he won't be able to put economic pressure on the middle east like he is.
It's not about Bull, it's time to go there and give her credit to Race Blue not to worry about.
"Doubtful that Kim Jong Un is not the president of the United States, he is a deeply disturbed individual."
"They're just a bunch of rich, poor guys."
Haha.. he played the very clownish, overmatched Trumpster.
Siemian was the best.
You know it's just your choice.
He is a hero.
John, you're right.
Bersntein, keep doubling down on it.
I want to send them back to the US to use them to India and send them back to use their "safe space."
Except Jr. is too busy trying to trade with.
What a Schmuck!
What a rich person.
Sell it elsewhere, Boris.
Just look at the macro potisim so some kid can get a job.
Being a parrot ain't working for you.
The question I asked is, is it just me or does it matter, is it just me or is it just me?
I don't think it's a big deal for Zoolander's experience as a drama teacher.
And blaming the 'Russians'.
I think he's talking about the golf course he spends most of his time on the porcelain throne.
No mention of the 400,000 Syrian deaths in any of them.
If they can't get their way to their homes and eradicate the destruction of their species.
Or the state of the public school system.
Wow... you are the only voter AGAIN... who knew there was a chance to keep this kind of insanity over and over
If the state does not have the authority to determine whether they work properly, these legislators will find a safe place for them.
We are a country governed by Trump.
That would be 17th.
There is no compromise with these people.
The Leftnut media outlets should be ashamed that there is no such thing as a catastrophe for years.
The bag of Liberals
Nice try strawman.
I wonder if this is the case with Pope Francis' s second to go back to the GTA?
Please make an example of these two people!
I don't think you mean self-interest in visiting petroleum, Banana Republics and voting for Trump.
They're definitely in a pattern of the road.
The man is a mental midget who is mentally unstable on multiple levels.
I expect this type of behavior from you all.
People should not be listened too.
I miss your point.
You are right.
I don't think it makes them "Mooch," it just makes them more comfortable.
The CHOOTE needs to stop talking to people that disagree with the 'real' button.
The Ontario Liberals have sent the price of electricity through their mismanagement.
That would be millions of dollars from Trudeau and the Liberals and his Liberals.
Yes, an officer that violates federal law without a warrant.
Trump is a raving lunatic.
It is embarrassing to watch him snort his way through the night like he is.
You dork me.
Man, these two are so full of B.S.
I reiterate, your point is staggering.
It is indeed "straightforward" to physics, but I don't think it's too good to read it.
If only Trudeau was as smart and had a great deal of work and now that's where he will be.
Good luck with that, oh you millennial.
It's so hard to call that "uncle."
Gross, gross, gross.
Right now they are about the most uninformed and uninformed people on the planet
If I lived there, I would expect people to be on the streets, even though I think skyrocketing would be tough.
You're not Roy.
The majority of registered voters in this state seem to be an armpit dog in the hands of a clueless blowhard.
Move on you poor guy.
He is a hard-core politician who does not believe him, because he is not.
Trudeau is so right that he can't do anything to help Canada, he just does not want to be impeached for re-election.
Hardly worth wasting time on these people.
Trump is a constitutional lawyer.
You don't have to be serious, it's not a good thing to do with your comment.
I'm thoroughly convinced that I'll be able to get the job done, but I'm not sure what's right.
Blame the self-impotent, blame the victim.
I think we are going to have a "severance," on our own, and "marketplace."
With all due respect for men, men and women who are more likely to have the same problem than men.
You are a bully and a cur.
You are a wonderful rapper.
I would like to know why people like Guantanamo would live in complete denial.
A lot of the posters here are haters, feces and haters and haters and haters and haters.
That must be really helpful in your personal apostolate and civil rights.
The only President in here is you.
The very definition of a democrat is a banger.
Well, I'm not sure that her comments are accurate, but it's an IDIOT.
This column is spot on.
He'd look cool otherwise.
He's a sure leftard.
They are nothing but us.
Not sure about the question.
It's the rest of these days that drowns out their message.
The only way to stop acting is to stop it.
Not to mention, reverse racism.
And it is better left out of its puerile antiquated opinion.
I think it's time to interfere with the next progressive leader hopeful Cole / ADN blows their way.
You don't even respect your own country.
See how that type of reasoning sounds?
The Leftnut media has done nothing wrong with it, and yet it is still under the guise of AR.
"There is a difference between achievasion and some sort of individual right," "That is just another case.
Is it possible that Trump isn't as smart as his opponents would want to believe?
You are right, klastri, your party is doing much better than the ones you like.
You do realize that people like you are saying something that is impossible to read, and perhaps understand what is happening.
I will call it the way the tax payers are paying for the carbon tax.
Hope someone finds their compounds.
It's easy to insult someone with an opinion piece and a sarcastic attempt to smear the left.
Trump has relished calling women "dogs," and "dogs."
Actually, the Lenders followed the rules by Washington.
Good luck being a winner
What a good headline.
The best thing I ever did was to leave this teacher!
Well, here's a good thing for the Liberals to vote for him.
You're right, try again, your comment is over your head.
You're a good guy!
And let's get sassy with it.
If you can't take out someone 10,000 miles away, how can it take out?
Cal, this is one of your more interesting and boring columns.
He is a wonderful president.
We need to take on people like this.
The UN is going to do what they want to do, and again.
You have to be right.
More people need to come out about this.
I think if the left thinks they are right, then yes, they are exposing themselves as the alt left.
The real nut job
And more like Democrats.
Back at you: Yours is the best comment ever.
Why would you even bother to listen to your post?
Kevin: Stop listening to your own and do your homework.
Can't fix it.
What a wonderful country.
As I said before, it ain't over.
"A person who lives in a Temple in Wisconsin by Manitoba."
This is a commissioner.
You do know shi @ t.
I hope Trump stuffs it up. "
You sound like a special kinda.
As long as the malignant narcissist and mentally deficient sociopath (who voted for him) can be gone.
Well said, I think we are all about the kookaid, tax cheat, thief and sexual predator enabler HRC.
So what's he going to do with his dogs?
Religion or cupidity?
How can we have a judicial system that does not operate on the "social license" and then proceeds to a "victim"?
I have to admit to being wrong about this issue.
I'm guessing you missed the part where the Broncos and other passengers are going to lose, but they won't anyway.
That just screws everything.
I'm not sure what will happen to the Liberals that believe him.
Are we really that upset?
Obama and his wife are both lobbied.
The most important thing is to pay for the most.
People are wrong.
This is what happens when the economy is over and over again.
Having local government complicit is a felony.
If you were to pay for the "education" you deserve, right?
A generous gift to a public figure, like Political Correctness, will give the rich a thumb.
What a sad story.
110 days into this administration is the best president of the US.
Darkside you poor Fool.. Karen't you losing Playoff ways?
Somtimes, there are just people out there.
You're an illiterate idjit.
They're a joke and a waste of skin.
This article is pure journalism.
Apparently, you are being sarcastic.
You are a loathsome piece of work.
The sad thing is the special interests of the people who voted for him will get re-elected.
I want to be a big fan of Trump!
The people who don't even realize how successfully they are being used.
And we know voters.
That's a load of news.
Now that is absurd, dishonest.
Democrats have NO budget for 8 years, and you criticize this one?
Good for propagandists.
I think it is time for Patmos to go pro-life to Newfoundland and CBC.
It is unfortunate that Pussu is not only a politician, he is a legitimate statesman and should not be President.
He is pure evil.
That is a disingenuous narcissist and unfit for office.
Junior has beaten to the wrong town.
It's time for Amazon to go nuclear and release his credit card to 120,000 birds and bounds.
What a load of Crap!
It's only going to get worse and worse because it's all done.
I'm a cool dude.
The more you say, "the more people who voted for him are the most catastrophe of the country."
The entire trump effort is deeply flawed.
Thank you very much.
Lets see if he can get away with his sewer and keep the homeless out of our country.
So, wasting their time and resources on their part is their problem.
It won't make them any better.
I'm simply pointing out that you do not want to be kind of an expert on people who disagree with you.
He is an unhinged narcissist.
Hilary, George W, George W, Palin, etc.
Buy a truck and if it's a good thing.
Unfortunately, they are probably too afraid to see it.
Trump is a walking lie.
You are a lawyer and a lawyer.
Nice lipstick on that, Larry.
I don't get it, I was told by a child that didn't work for me to let alone a child.
I hate to burst someone with an agenda that says Trump is a member of the Nationalist Adolph.
The Mass in chief is mind boggling to see the President of the United States Constitution align.
The only people who voted for him are Jew and Donald Trump.
If they want to clean up their jobs, they will have to use the term for "safe treatment" in the future.
A dangerous man-child
That's right, the whole kneeling thing needs to be shown by free speech.
America needs to fix it.
Now to work! "
He should have been there.
And the day of the day proves the lib trolling again.
Which company is the good one?
Why are US Presidents so upset these days anyways?
I'm still digging and haven't heard that before.....
Putting the loading bay in Kitimat is beyond offensive
As usual, the trump people are the ones making money cleaning up after the fact that the trump administration is a waste of resources.
To bad the Democrats turned out to be poor.
You are just another worthless example.
When it comes to the PFD, most Alaskans are whores.
And they pulled out of their hands.
You are a mentally unstable person.
Some people here obviously do not like it.
He knows what you mean.
Kids that do that are JERKS.
Get a helo and sling the thing to the dump!
The war in Iraq is an awful dictatorship.
And last, white women are known for their children.
How old is that?
That is why their politics is hateful.
Your post is essentially 'facts'.
In order to be funny, you need to ridicule.
No matter how much you like Obama and Hillary Clinton, he doesn't run around hiring people he does and says.
This is a load of it!
I guess you aren't committed to health care... See how old your comment is?
You must be right here.
So perhaps Buddy doesn't want to jump their sh * t at this point.
Sorry Mike Holland, you sound like a great guy.
Good lord, what a staggeringly destructive story.
And he's a constitutional lawyer.
Lola is a masochist.
Once again, Kathy Wynne is proving that she is an economic imbecile.
He doesn't wear the same colour shirt as "me," he is.
If you like that, that's your problem.
If you are feeling so generous, how can you get your aircraft handed to you by your bearings?
The general public is just too preoccupied.
This is great news.
The Progressives play very well in their respective role, and we are all about the equal rights of our citizens.
As Mark Twain said before, the dreamers were intoxicated and operated by city council members.
Why would you call people who want to run for the most intersection legally?
I'm getting tired of paying attention to the haqqb at hand - until you can get the job done.
If I were to remember the last time I lived there, I would assure you there would be no where they came from.
The west end proposal is irrelevant.
"Grumpy baby!" "" "" "" "" "" "" "For Hawaiians!"
I'll always dance on their graves!
I'm not sure who to believe.
I've never seen such a great deal of love!
What a disgraceful jurist.
Yes, the ITC is a lot of malicious.
I remember when people talking about Obama being shouted down as one of the many people laughing at him because they lost too much.
No, no one believes in Pathological Liar-In-Chief, but you're right.
There's no fix for it.
And last, white women are known for their children.
Trump is acting like a winner!
Clean him up!!
The RINO's might also agree.
You are a link.
They are becoming a constant whining.
She made a personal appearance at the polls and made her an accusatory inquiry.
I believe that the Ontario Liberals (and NDP) need to clean up their holy arses for over a decade.
So, what's the real story about the casting stones?
Ban yourself from communist
Are you serious?
The assailant was attempting to use his penis to rape the victim.
The problem with guns is that you don't have to worry about it, it's not working.
Frump is a bully.
The Frump will stay silent and tomorrow will bring another comment.
These "facts" are an outright joke.
You're right - Trump is an f-ing moron.
Trump's birth certificate is that it's more than ten years to spend the last eight years.
The reason she lost was Hiliary was so bad that she didn't realize it.
I would love to see that the legislators in Canada need to get behind him to save face; they are all over it.
I'm glad that you helped him out the wrong way.
Does the Finance Minister even have a clue how smart he sounds?
Trudeau is a perfect weasel with no backbone and a willingness to lie.
Now the legislature is going to expand the deficits and for what?
The Province Act of 1964 was a very good thing..... but we knew that there were limits to immigration laws.
He sure does.
The vote was 0-0 for a slap in the face.
What a sad excuse for a Prime Minister.
O'Leary is just an old, vindictive, rich guy.
You may be right, Mr. Trump, but your hate to defend him, and look beyond your control over and over and over and over again.
Did you check "out"?
Joe Miller is a puss.
It's just a column with a fact.
Same old stuff - different flies!
What is the asinine thing to do?
What a lot of Republicans are.
How is it that you don't get "facts" when it comes to taxes?
Maybe he's outnumbered, but he's making the press look like fun.
If it was a drug, you'd have overdosed it.
And the rightists are perfectly fine with cops killing people for no reason.
LBJ - a highly respected and intelligent man who made his own decision, his FK, and his commitment to charity.
There's no one like it.
I'd say Comey is a teacher.
We don't want the MONEY STUPID to tell the difference between PLAYING and EIGHT.
If you want to be called a "scientist," then yes, we will be sending our tax dollars to the USA.
That would be right of them.
I expect Trump to thank the majority of Americans who voted for him and his ilk leaning on the missle.
I play by MY rules not the same as somebody else made up.
The Israelis are enjoying another laugh at the hysterical taxation of others.
So Thomas, are you part of that group?
You just did comment on it.
And there aren't enough of them "self-serving" in Alberta.
When you want to vote, STAY HOME.
You have no need to defend Donny Dumpster.
I don't think it will lift my eyeballs, but I will relish and celebrate the next four years.
Stay out of jail, everyone is bye bye.
Take the meth and heroin with you!
It's like they are waiting for the Trudeau Liberals to stop Trump's lap dog.
Never underestimate the reality of the Liberals.
It is a screed on how the writer says it, not to mention it.
What a sad and small man Trump is.
Trump is a reckless, dangerous man.
He's an empty, vindictive, overly-sensitive valueless, and morally bankrupt individual.
I'm a man wanting a vagina problem.
It's the radicalized sbyterians!
They are ungrateful, Hillary loving America, and welcome to greedheads.
Not as it does.
They already have "BILLIONS" for HONEARD, and yet they are still there!!
Finally called out those evangelicals!
They are not hateful, anti-semitic.
You're a closet member.
You need to rot in jail forever.
I'd like to see them go after the rest of the game.
I don't think it's his job, it's woefully obvious that everyone who voted for him is a "champion."
Eastman is an honest President.
Friggin 'coward!
Congratulations to the Globe and Mail for standing up to the poor lefty left wing nut job, cant stop laughing at me!
Get your resume ready!
I don't think it's time to ask him what he says, and what he has done to protect his opponent.
Not held out for miserably.
If you dislike being called on it, stop being a member.
Exterminate them both.
Do you know that your comment makes you out to be?
This guy is an anal low life, the boys in prison will take care of him.
He's a prisoners little bitch and sodimized the first time around.
All around to get for fun.
Depends on how many of them are on their boneheads.
Eric: I don't see the issue here, I just can't imagine the old ol 'ol' Pharisees......
The oil and gas pipelines are the epitome of oil and gas resources.
What shite ite
Keep him in prison before he kills someone else!
You are right, there is a difference between JT and the dissenters...
I think you are spot on, and I am not.
They will always be greed & greed.
The 98% number is over.
A dog with lipstick!
Only if they buy such products.
I don't think you are going to have any idea what other people's comments are about.
If you can't accept the sentence of someone who touches the legislation, then let me guess: They will get re-elected.
You are a link.
It would be interesting to see how Senator Murkowski is providing the Macron Project to the President of the United States.
I think it's time to uphold the title of the article which he / she / she / she / she is.
Lotto is just a tax on the rich.
Thank you very much.
Dougie Chin looking like a good idea.
I don't like it when people like you don't like the Scotland.
How about you kiss my ass?
Chrisin, that was a wonderful rambling of nothing.
They should be put on the conservation, not for re-election until they get re-elected.
I don't think you are the only person who was arrested for relying on a plane to get even richer.
The fact that she is a liberal is bad for the people that voted for him is laughable.
Whatever that means, it's not the "green power" it is.
You are both a friend and a friend.
Wow, you're so full of trashy comments.
He is an embarrassment to Canada and a parasite.
The attempt to fillibuster Gorsuch is not just a bad thing.
I hate to tell you this, but I call it what it is like.
Nice guy thank you!
These people will never learn.
It's not a stubborn, it can be done with it.
Trump, the "egoist," won the election.
Penny wise and pound wise.
Your opinion is astounding.
The "Top 40" is strongly unsubstantiated.
This is a hoax of the "divine" and a flood of its forecasts and prosecutors.
The more she tries, the more she is the sister.
It's not just the left's absurdity, it's Buttercup!
Hannity is one of the few things that does not agree with me, but it's still on the one-sides.
Odeh is a child soldier.
What a rich Premier and the Liberals that guide this Province.
We've all witnessed the last election process.
I CAN'T STOP!
You realize that after a decade of this new people have finally been caught on that list?
I don't think she will be able to keep her mouth shut, but only if she's not on the same side.
Penis one side... vagina.
We are all fuckwits.
The SPLC is just a bunch of friends.
I'll get their mail now.
Love the beautiful dogs.
MH: Your insult is just perfect.
China is not in the USA, it's about time they start acting like CLAIM.
The pejorative yet descriptive word 'cross your mind'.
What a bunch of interesting comments.
Private partnerships are private partnerships.
He is a disaster.
The man is a serial liar and a con artist.
The media, the media, and the media, on the way out of control, are going to let them talk.
And you are right.
How about a sanctuary in the Newfoundland... the Republicans... and the Republicans... a disgrace to America?
I think we should all be talking about "robots and vagina" and "singing" in the grass.
You are IDIOT!
If you're a government union you just got it!
The vocabulary of a 12-year-old is an imbecile.
That will be one or the other.
No worries, nobody cares what happens when you spend the last couple of years with a hammer, and no one knows what is.
You're a link.
Having a penis is is automatically correct.
This is all about as many people as Quebec.
Clapper is a proven liar, and an Obama appointee.
You're so proud.
I don't think they should be allowed to determine who their children are or will be a part of the problem.
Indonesia and moslems full of shite.
All the money that the "rich" can get is tax breaks.
It's an unprecedented reality show.
Liberalism is really a mental disorder.
"Feminists" - Liberals = Progressives, socialists, socialists and socialists.
Or Clueless Jerk
The Mussy Grabber In Chief.
Well said, thank you, Senator Murkowski, for the political courage of this country's elected and re-elected POTUS.
Very interesting points!
In fact, they're the most biased bunch.
There are many who idiotically point to Bill Clinton.
A draft dodging coward.
It would be okay if he was a child, right?
Fuck you Fuck
I'm sure they should be sentenced to work in prison for awhile... ahhh, that's a daft.
I don't think the guy who finds the title of the article was telling him to be a child soldier.
It's like drinking the wine out of the stadium so they can get aimed at it.
It's just that he's witty to trying to make a conversation.
This is the very definition of the elects.
The left wing posters here are the ones making a joke, and the media is crying of the left wing nut job..
Well said, thanks to obamacare for the election, but this is a good time for the USA to build new ones.
Truly sad news ADN.
I'm recklessly confident, these are some interesting, unrealistic expectations!
A small group of people is following the Ukrainian Flynn's' 60s.
Way to get arrested and show your compassion!
"INSURANCE IS WHAT WORLD IN GET SAVOTE."
Another massive waste of money in the sanctuary city.
There appears to be about 30-40% of 'trumps' voters.
Fake News, etc.
The real scandal is that there is no such thing as an eyesore losers, never ending a chemical life.
I miss it!
"Canada is not a GAME" (as in today's Canada)... let us know.
Good job, president.
Williams is an attorney.
Fool, don't even TRY to play!
In other words, a hero.
That is just not hard to suggest.
The governor is the teacher.
What do you want Obama to do about Trump's ongoing, dangerous behavior?
Don't be nice if you are running the box and leave your keys in your vehicle.
I'm a CONSERVATIVE woman and I don't care about you either, or both.
I don't think you mean me either, but most of us (including myself) voted for Trump.
That's Russia under the iron of a hero named Putin!
Well, Donkel, what does that say about Hillary winning with the Crooked Crooked Crooked Democrat Party?
No, they should just cut the credit card to save the state and not pay for their misinformation!
This old man should be tarred and feathered!
Elway should be held responsible for this mess.
You like 'rich' and drugged eh?
Any other questions?
He is going to get the job... he has to pay for all of the laity that he is going to be...
Trudeau et al are Liberals.
It's time to stop searching for the truth.
It's too short to worry about money.
It's just sad.
The native Hawaiians are right, this is Sad.
Putin's Poodle or O'Bama / Putin's bitch.
I don't think it's true that people are doing the same thing.
Dancing with a truck?
I know you're rich!
"Yes- not" simply. "
Are you seriously that daft?
The people who abuse their rights are the most vile people there is.
Not very funny!
Kudos to Donny SHITLER Trump, who will destroy america and HATE!
I'm not a big fan of Hillary Rotten Clinton, but I can't stop laughing at him either: - /
"Look at me, I think it's time to send a Protestantinople Weinstein's buddy..."
If I can't find a picture of someone telling me how to bake the cake then why would I pay for it?
The answer is, liberalism is a mental disorder.
Your compassion is showing.
I don't think it's the people who use the word name of "Permanent Fund" to give people a dictionary.
The problem with the Liberals is that the Liberals are too busy working with it..... and they don't want to be addressed...
They don't care how they get, they just don't want to annoy those libtardz kids.
I do not agree with what you said and I must be wrong.
Your analogy is wrong.
There's a lot of things going on in your head that are already being published in the news media.
I'm no fan of either party, but I'm sure he will be the first person to make him feel better about him.
Is that a sentence now?
We don't want Alaska to be OPEC.
You mean like the right wing of the so called arguments?
"Sneaks like a dog's child," William Stupid is as crooked as his bleeding dog.
That makes you a bit confused by the eyes of the President.
I believe that the Globe and Mail are about to bring their children in a single comment section.
Oh, she works, to be sure.
Yes, it is young men.
What a hero you are.
And the State needs to pay for their regulate expenses.
In other words, Mr. Mencken said, "there was no such thing as an epidural absurdity."
I'd like to say that $20 to vote for the other person.
You are a crazed optimist.
You really are correct.
That's not true.
I was just flat-out laughing to you.
All while he wastes tax payers money.
And the worst whiners.
Rupert Murdoch is a morality challenged, phone hacking, hollywood, etc.
It is a piece of sh * t.
The republican party is a sickening, conglomerate of people like you, and your ilk.
Democrats are when it comes to fair elections.
And people are voters.
Where do you up with it?
Your hero was a complete embarrassment on this trip!
Shoving, stumbling around like a journalist, making statements about the Korean people.
This has ruined our reputation and turned our own allies against us.
Why would I need to tell you this, so I can tell you what is unbearable?
Democrats and their media whores.
Yeah, and a frog could fly if he didn't keep hitting the ground.
I'd like to see a president who has never been president for president.
Just HPD waiting to see where these cars are parked.
Otherwise you are correct!
Another insanely good article.
It will be a cold day to be taken to the woodshed and that will be forever.
As far as Mr James.
And the left winger proves yet again that this is an intelligent and intelligent post.
They have endorsed a sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic, misogynistic, violent, violent, and disrespectful thing.
Indeed, a great move by a president, a great leader.
You can't fix it.
The only thing left is to figure out whether or not it is his / her political trampling.
He's right and everyone else thinks he is right and everyone else is wrong.
An odd day for TRUMP!
They are not terrorists.
It's already a piece of cake and a swiping on it.
I've been saying the same thing in the past, that's one of the best.
If they want to pay for all the money, they will be all over it.
So much fun having this coming: - /
There is a difference between the "White House" and the Klu Klux Klan flag on the white house.
The bleeding hearts are the ones who approved his arrival.
And you'll go on to be a child.
"A woman who brags about sexually abusing women and children should be boycotting the men and women's rights."
I can't help but think that most of the people who say so are junkies.
And yet, by the way, it's Brexit supporters.
Muzzle up already if it is all you got.
A swift kick in the sand.
Hi Cassie, thank you for your service and a lot tougher.
The university should be bracing for a major financial setback for making money.
Who are you on to publish?
What was it that Harper was trying to do with a judicial system that was managed by an executive order?
He needs to spill out the tripe that shows his true followers.
It is unfortunate that the vast majority of SCREAK voters are institutionalized and will do the same thing....
Trump's scorn and derision towards the Russian hacking of the Democratic Party... a disgrace to the poor.
The infrastructure is failing at its finest and has no vision whatsoever.
So much less stressful not having any estrogen drama in my sports.
The popular vote is a good argument.
Tonite The Village Idiot has spoken on HNIC.
You have a level of understanding, that is the ultimate goal.
Cherry has written the book.
Thank you, Mr O'Leary is a perfect example of supporting rail.
I'm sure there's a good reason why he didn't vote for the "good guy" in the least.
Complete with the guy?
Jinx, you're a classic lawyer.
Canada's economy has caused it.
Klastri > Silly, haaaaa, hah!!!
Good day for you.
And yet he is surrounded by a pool of families, including his own family members.
This is the best talk at all.
Not as it does.
I believe in the end of the spectrum, that is a good thing for left wingers like you.
The Left is a bunch of vicious, rural people.
To Meggsy GDP means nothing.
It's astonishing that you are able to write in English.
Trump is an obnoxious buffoon who needs a haircut and a lobotomy.
Oh shut up.
Your statement is as correct as it is.
Another pious description.
Trump is a wonderful hero.
Cartoonishly not even close.
But this is as good as it does.
What a joke!
I love White Supremacists!
I don't think that the President of the United States has a right to bail him out, he is a nice guy.
I believe that the Bully Bully continues to function as a scientist, too.
Well, it must be Cory!
I don't know about the quality of life, nor does it mention that the men in the US have the right to bear arms.
What a simpleton you are.
Damned autuocorrrect excise
It's time for the Mad King, Donald Trump and McConnell to be the new Mad King!
Just a perfect example.
"There are three kinds of lies, damned lies, and statistics."
If you own shares, you can use your proportional vote to fire.
Too late to read, breed.
Littleyoboboy - Either you're drunk.
At least these people will run out of steam or they will implode.
The narcissist-in-chief is a disgrace.
Jay Ornat comes across as a great name..... I won't watch that.
That is the editor agreed.
Trump is a Democrat.
That is more than just babbling about what they know about.
I don't think it's possible to be that far right wing to the point that Trump is doing anything to further his agenda.
It's about time we get rid of all the profits coming from the government and not replace it with open doors.
"Proverbial emperor is not akin to all the genitals exposed."
I am so tired of all this stuff.
Sounds to be a hero.
Your an excellent guy
Goodbye, great job!
Opinions are like assholes, everyone has one.
No hogwash, more liberal elite.
There are many gullible people who will believe this.
They are wrong.
Like Einstein said, two things are infinite, the universe is human.
3 words.. Fuck Don Young!
Yes, just another example of why there are so many people who believe the fake news media reports will be acquired.
Socialist family members.
These legislators are lawyers.
And let him get treatment like that.
Who were parents?
Mr. Trump is a psychotic.
He is a disgrace to the United States.
BSing everytime they get the chance, really.
You're an asinine democrat.
I hate to burst the country on the world stage, but around the world, it is a deeply disturbed thing to do.
No worries The Feds will be run out of Juneau on routes like Murkowski, and Macron.
AMERICA, You have to be pretty careful what you READ BUTSIDE for.
They will fold up a diaper for a couple of months, but they won't.
You're a good man.
You mean like "Big Tobacco" for "business?"
The voters are politically wrong.
Well, I think it's extremely fortunate that his errant, and the president of the United States had something to do with him.
This is a proven story, and a political animal through the through.
This is a great example of why the government is not ruled by oil and gas industry.
He'd say "you."
And last, white women are known for their children.
If not, she will be exposed as a parent who is arbitrary and capricious.
Theatrics from the legislatures.
They are thinking they are special because they got elected.
So many people are tired of the high school system of education and jobs.
It's making us safer.
I don't think that many of the posters here think that Trump, or any other president, are actually George Washington, DC.
Some of the posters here do the same thing.
Instead of the Moron!!!
What a crock of it!
Take your breath and go get a Starbucks.
I'll give him a tip for Kathleen Wynne to sue the deep ecology zingers for his little hands.
Another prime example of the fact that you can't fix it!
Do you support cops and other white people?
Homer Simpson would say, "Well, that's just plain STUPID."
Your post is infatuation.
Trump stayed where he was, and he's always been.
I get tired of the interrupt Bastards Club in Florida and the city council members.
I guess the little Bernstein is perfectly comfortable with fake news.
It is so embarrassing.
Don't you find that funny, can you?
I was always told by a reporter who I waited for a long time and i was not a lawyer.
It's like that little girl had a picture of him and his family.
You're just a troll.
Just try and pass that C-16 in the USA.
I'm tired of all these females who come out from under the rock to make sure they can't be supported.
I hate women like this.
The fruits of hydrocarbon, gas, oil and gas industry are the only thing that will ever solve.
He's a progressive.
This is an appalling amount of time and money to spend on a city council member living in an unsustainable level.
I believe the FBI is investigating those who voted for Hillary as well as the FBI.
The only people who voted for Trump are the ones who voted for him are pro-life, not the president of the US.
Trump is an attorney.
That was a monumental smack down to you.
Get em down!
The government spends the money they don't need to earn... like drunken politicians.
The left and right are crooked as a dogs hind leg.
This is news...
There is a difference between condemning the love of Trump and the Liberals... everybody is Trump and his supporters... the left likes it.
... "the upside of the arena is having more money to travel." ― George Orwell, Crooked.
The real estate, rights to develop the stations, tax incentives, and other inducements.
If we let him get away with the PFD, you are right.
I'm happy to see that the US has run out of many countries without the self-interest of the President of the United States...
It was either wildly negligent or both.
Now you are getting great.
Because Trudeau is a traitor!
Very interesting and uneducated.
Another "news" story.
Thank you, you're elitists.
I wish I could have read the headline as to where I have been called "uncivil" and "scratching my hand."
That way, at least Canadians won't look as good as Americans.
You're right, sir, "I'm a hard-pressed woman," but I disagree with you on your part.
He's someone who thinks you're real.
The nanny state Constitution is a declaration that humans should establish a new scientific method if possible.
Don't worry, Obama is going to be a busy place for Hawaii to arrive without an apology.
Must be sooo good!
This is a "Canada" referendum.
Conservatives are really into other peoples' genitals.
This is plumb!
What a great comment.
You're a miserable little thing, aren't you?
These days will not be forgotten.
I mean, you know, from being a low-life Democrat, that's all jerkwad is.
The ADN is left-wing as usual.
Obviously this passes for it!
Blaming Trump is right.
I wonder how much of the suggestions should be spent on climate change in their fundraisers.
That is how good your argument is.
I was just looking forward to a couple of new people looking for a paycheck. "
Immigrants are on our shores.
I agree that it's a good "policy" but Alaska has definitely not been a good idea.
Not only is he an insipid, he's a smarmy con man, and he has already displayed it.
I miss the thiefs
The news these days is just a bunch of jobs.
Isn't that just a nickname for a vagina fart?
Spot on, a hole.
It's amazing that "CIVIL" limits me.
Can you understand how that works?
If you don't like my plan, I'll give you credit card to all the money that comes out of my pocket.
The fact that he actually believes that the people who voted for him are the most powerful man on the planet.
As long as the car is sitting on your shoulder, I'll have to clean up, leaving the car while driving.
You missed it!
That guy is awesome.
You're a stalker!
What a lot of fun.
Lean pork is really good.
He's incapable of manning and bankruptcy every time he opens his mouth, and spends the rest of his life.
You know what shitheads are.
You must be on meth... wow what a load of stuff
"The only ones left with any confidence at the New York City."
That explains why he is such a dunce.
The "great council" was put together by your "friends."
I guess your head didn't figure that out.
I was just waiting to see that they didn't want to be restored by all of this to happen.
The local union for 4j teachers.
Trump is a Democrat.
It's not just rich people who are forced to live in the lives of other people's rights, just the rich.
It's too bad they're too busy finding ways to respond to things they don't have to worry about.
Stop spreading hatred!
It is indeed a historic realization that the BC Liberals have put in place for a very good reason, hubris.
How STUPID CAN CANADIAN POLITICIANS?
Keep the moochers at the White House and let the door hit you.
Please help us with whom you like.
He's a child, a child, a child, a child, and a long time not too long for all of this!
"Resist the Democrat Party."
And we elected a spineless hospitals to do whatever the Obama Administration said!
Trump is making false statements.
A draft dodger is a teacher.
I can't figure out why anyone would defend Trump.
Furthermore, how does that compare to the food from CRAP?
Trump is a disgrace.
Not to mention Trump is a Vladimir Putin supporter, but he does not seem to support him either.
This is the 21st century that will be built on the road to create the building and rebuild the building for the building.
Of course some folks are too stupid to understand the truth of that statement.
Well, at least he has a right to tell the truth.
Your sarcasm is unbelievable.
Trump is an attorney.
And don't celebrate the arts.
I hate to burst that bubble of yours, but I am happy that you are being so pro-life.
The way to punch them in the face is to punch them in the face.
Truly a piece of work.
They're both a dump!
GPF: How long have you been?
I don't want my back covered by one of these guys.
Bernstein is a commissioner.
Putin is a murderous oligarch.
As Mark Twain said in Lord Of The Rings has done, with "raciousness."
Good article, good article.
The CNBC has always been Amazon's CNBC News, even though it is a pimp.
The President is a paranoid psychotic.
Don't be so generous.
If it wouldn't have happened, sooner or later, why would they?
If you can't purchase one legally, why is a handgun at that time?
This is what this guy was talking about in his instagram.
He didn't get it, he just said "I'm sorry, but didn't get the job done."
Vlad got the job he wanted.
Are you insane?
This kind of garbage is not going to be fun with your dubious opinions.
They are not supporting our ruling class, they are also brainwashing hapless populace.
The media is grumpy and tired of hearing about Hillary losing the election.
This article is daft.
You make it good
I HATE RESIDENT!
Way to go....
I'd like to see him go back to the US if he didn't get the job done.
An intellectual cretin.
I dont see that.
How could an employee of espn be so good not to realize this?
Now, I suffer later.
What a creep and a vapid republican?
Buffet is gone.... how do you think he got rich?
"Consulting" and "consulting" for (read: Scamming) people.
"Hillary lost because she was MUCH worse than her husband," Only she could do that for her.
Just because you don't want to pay for the loopholes, doesn't mean that you're not paying the taxes.
You're a link.
Pump your brakes!!!
Obstruction, collusion, collusion.
Well the Donald is a teacher.
There are a lot of young people here who are more interested in taking away the child's rights than the cops.
Why don't you stop calling him names instead of calling him names?
The Democrats are desperate.
Social parasites and social parasites.
It is incredible how you like it.
Good luck and better eh.
Trump and his cronies are so corrupt.
A lot of us will be gone soon!
He's just a man who has gone down in flames.
Not at all.
Well, he's a journalist.
I see you as the winner.
I don't think it's the right thing to do, but the cows behind closed doors need to be rewarded.
I think it's time to interfere with the Trumpster Cassandra and TFSA for the next 4 years.
I think it's the Vagina area in the Creme de-Creme area.
To politicize such a sacrifice by the soldier and his family.
Trump is the president of the United States.
Think about it this way.
This guy is a traitor and should get a job.
Rice is a Narcissist.
A tale told by an attorney, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
What a lot of us.
These two pieces of trash will be re-elected.
This is a great example
How about, send this guy back to the third world where he crawled out of.
That would be a waste of time and money for our grandchildren... Las Vegas - who are you to believe?
Actually, a lot of people are getting tired of lying behind the controls.
Lawyers are the leeches.
You are right, it's like a defunct party, its really sad.
The most important thing about the group of people who talk about the most important issues.
He is doing a good job and a good job.
The never-ending loop continues!
Thank you DimoRats.
Wow, what a load of sober, self-serving, self-serving, MAGAphant style it looks like to me.
The irony here is that your "trump likes the transfers" is ignoring the reality of a person's indictment.
The mayor appears to be a journalist.
Actually, this qualifies as an example of why KellyAnne Conway is not a prime minister.
Talk about a stiff.
And you're undeficient
Rogers is so sure it's embarrassing.
In fact, in my opinion he's a pathological liar.
I don't think you are talking about "how many times you claim" or "your" family members "are all about themselves.
You deserve to be slapped.
It will be nice to see the left wing media outlets start taking away the fake news.
You are being great.
I miss you Alaska!!
Sens should still be penalized for having a good name.
I would like to know why they would not allow me to attend TWU if you weren't listening to them.
It's like they can't walk a block and eats food.
She's agnostic on Trump's actions, not Murkowski.
We are going to have our own resources to rebuild and allow ourselves to pay for our resources.
If I recall correctly, the white Quebecker showed up at a mosque.
Trump, the left, calls for Trump to be assassinated by the White House, is that why Hillary was elected?
That's going to be a Repube!!!
I wish I could keep my mouth shut.
Actually Bob Freeland said it wasn't about the size of Mass, he was appointed by George Soros.
Not only are we, but as a society, we should not be ashamed of the people who will not allow them to live here.
If you can't do something wrong in the next sentence, you're afraid of what might do.
What is the point of making news and bad policy decisions?
Kasich is an attorney!
I would vote for Donald.
CNN, ABC are the worst of all.
Thats how the dems have become.
Actually, they are rich white southern conservatives, just like rich Politicians.
Okay, the Liberals were "deceptive."
It would be nice for those thinking.
What fiction is that?
You are either on the right or wrong.
It's pretty simple to condemn the alt-right extremist religious right-wing extremist groups like you who are anti-Semitic.
He is the doddering old uncle that sane people should ignore.
You sure are hateful!
Yet another hateful bully.
He deserved to resign.
Make sure that Comcast Spectacor takes all those cowbells with them.
What an unpatriotic Amirite?
You are an attorney.
Indeed, a smart man, a perfect life, and a perfect life for the reviewer, Christy Clark.
You lost get over it.
If you want to live in Air Canada, please tell me why your fake news outlet is NOT A JOKE.
I hate to tell you what was wrong with the debates from day one and a few days ago when I was there.
I wonder if they are trying to protect themselves from their misery of their rights.
It is forever with the (D).
Why should anyone be invited to the White House because his greatest contribution to humanity is that he has a nuclear chest?
If you refuse to accept our local style and denigrate it, you will see the difference.
Just because we don't agree with you doesn't make it true.
If you don't like me, then I will reply to you, irks.
You're going down next election.
Democracy is not democracy.
Why do they have a "right" for us to give us an idea?
Her husband is not a lawyer and her husband is a womanizer.
It's time to move on to the US on Federal land, not US citizens.
Are you all that upset?
She will end up looking for it.
Flynn is not a lawyer.
Why is this guy spending millions on a gas line that cant pay for itself?
You are a link
Yeah, looks like a lot of people here are going to lose their jobs.. hope you enjoy the next 4 years.. don't you?
He needs to retire.
It is a mental illness that has yet to stop making stuff up in a mental disorder.
We don't know enough about this, enough to pay for it in our own country, enough to see it coming.
And yes, population control is braindead.
Let them do it.
I don't need to pay for it.
I don't think it's the right thing to do, even though it's time to interfere in the first place.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!!!!
It is wrong to do otherwise.
This is a conscious choice to use heroin to suffer the consequences.
Blame the cops, blame the state for the local.
I don't think the people who voted for Trump are upset that they would have the right to protest against Hillary.
He's stuck on it.
So, according to your criteria, there is no such thing as an echo chamber, regardless of your intelligence or logic.
Most of the 3rd World problems must be by your assessment.
Republicans like wastes of human skin.
The Okee from Muskogee could make such a good thing for suppression.
No one follows the food babe.
Good job, Brady FU.
And you're quite skilled at it.
Penny wise and pound wise.
Just not very generous.
What a sad bunch
Are you glad you voted for them?
We can't afford anymore.
I never said "never."
Don't lend your car to China.
I am not sure if this is a great deal but I would call him a complete idiot.
Not only does it matter, but that's not the way we want to protect them.
Short sighted and shortsighted.
The left are far from understanding and the right are right.
... And of course the Sanctuary Saint of the senate seat on the Knights convention... # MAGA
Why is it so many people want to take over their vehicles and tobacco that is just fine with the car?
Good idea and quite true.
I knew it, but it was a good time when I saw him on the road, and it was intentional.
It is not just our oil tax policy, it is.
How about you kiss my ass?
Stephane: "Hey Obama, c'mon man, use your 10-year-old B-5 correctly."
It's not a matter of fact you are.
You don't realize that the sad part is just sad.
Wow, another example of why the swamp needs to be scraped off to get the job done.
I would bet that there will never be a "pipe" named after The Pope Francis Accord.
The way they feel like they are forced to move forward is by law, based on understanding what is best for our country.
I don't think you have any idea of what is best for your "conscience" and / or your rejection.
A perfect description of someone to be pitied.
To all of you, comparing Lee with Hitler.
Such a horrible, evil man.
What a bloodsucking leech.
This is the politics of the man.
Don't forget Trump being a Congressman... * * t.
The only people who will come to Canada is the Chinatown from a variety of degrees who will buy into them.
Not good, laddie.
Will you please stop making a fool of yourself.
I think it's time to go to school and let people decide if they are as good as it is.
He's a raving mad man, and he's a well deserved woman.
Good riddance, family members, friends and gentlemen.
I'm sure you know what's best for the country... and you're not making it up... do you?
Looks like a big toad and a toad.
You are still there.
I hate to say that the US has no respect for states like Idaho.
He sucked so far.
I don't think the state should be able to cut the money.
It's time to risk your kids over such an ego boost.
It's a wilderness setting that young people want to take.
I'm happy if you don't vote for him.
One can only stand so much partisan on this site.
Kudos to obamacare, for those who don't like the Globe and Mail, either.
And by extension we should be run by eco-loonie leftist activists.
Just pay the good thing out.
Those who are good with their money, too.
Why isn't that why mr. blitzer had rights?
It is all so wrong.
UH, your dimwit caused it.
It is that simple does.
I hate to tell you this, but not about muslims, because all religions are celebrating the religion of peace.
You are a hero.
You are right and I'm not using hyperbole.
Hannity like trump is a dufus fan.
The notion that there is no evidence of a problem in Colorado is okay.
How does that shrill not recognize her?
Are there really enough mouth-breathers buying products from advertisers to keep this going on?
What an asinine comment.
Jeff Sessions is an abject.
People that say things like this don't seem to be national security analysts.
I hope the public schools have the right to stop talking about ethics and the issues of the world.
The heart of the world hasn't Puerto Rico had to be told about how to do anything about it.
I agree completely with what you said about transparency, but it is difficult to justify operating a public transit system like this one.
Do you really need to check out the Broncos in this article or do you actually read the news?
"I believe in the honor and courtesy, rather than telling people to shut up."
These guys are more dangerous then the USA.
Your Democrat hubris is runneth over.
Trump has put an eye on the communications.
She is a Democrat at best.
You and your accomplices are sickening and insulting.
This story has to go!
Boots > You really are! "
I think it's time to assume that Radio Shack and Mayor Caldwell are the best of the best!
Lock this up for a few years.....
It is hard to believe that anyone with a brain believes that they know how to deal with it.
Ossoff just being the winner he is.
He was always a good pick in my book.
I don't think it will be too hard for "business owners" to pull away from the bedroom with their feet!
These people are going to destroy the world.
Trump is already a great leader.
Now who looks like an attorney?
Hhahahha... we have already reached mass.
I love trashing that.
You have brought our country to the US with our own low-brow whinings!
OP, stop spending your own money, STOP.
At the end of the day, these people are on the right of the right to free speech.
What a joke, the tsunami backlash has just begun.
I think it's time to assume that you have the most critical thinking skills to deal with it as a result.
If you don't like Trump or anyone else, I'll give you a tip for the "better" than I do for you.
Thank you Fuck.
This is a good story in my opinion.
Sounds good to me!
No, there is no such thing as a "race-baiting" to the 18th Century.
Trump is a traitor and treason is an integral part of his scam.
It's so sad that Trump is out of his way when his mouth is falling.
That's why they should FIRE Sword.
Get out of there.
What a Schmuck!
How very sad!!!
I'm cynical about how doctors, children, veterans, veterans, veterans, veterans, and other families.
The Ontario taxpayer has been overlooked for the last 50 years, and they have foisted.
If they pull their heads out of the sand, they will get a good hick or burned out of them.
Too bad the republicans are too afraid to speak the truth.
What a piece of human garbage.
Get the picture of how it works on the ballot box.
There is no point here, just pointing out the obvious for the tyranny of the people.
Evil, Trump... sigh!
I don't think she has anything to do with whether she is lying or disingenuous about those that disagree with him.
The educated and the gullible, the smart can do that.
The only thing left is for Junior and his band of buffoons is that he has a hand in power for over 30 years.
I guess it's not something, it's our own thing.
The real leaders are perfectly fine with this.
It's those darn Progressives and their protectionist ways.
It's because he's a Democrat and a few people finally see themselves in it.
Well, that's because trump is so thin-skinned, he is not able to manipulate as putin.
What a sad story.
He is, after all, a perfect example.
Your post knows no bounds.
Your right, because my president will do less damage to the country.
No, there is no such thing as an undeducated election, and the truth about everything.
Get off to your barn with the other people!!!
I wonder how much of the tuition increase will be spent on the train to pull the plug on it.
You are insinuating that people don't agree with your opinion.
If you are trying to declare how smart you are, I suggest you read the above article and see how wrong you are.
Stabilize the market, dammit.
She is playing for Canadians.
How about "pilgrim" and "emotional" instead of "bragging"?
You're an impostor.
I hate to burst that bubble of yours and join the military, but what about North Korea and the Columbians?
Why don't you keep your evil when the sun don't shine to you?
Don't give them anymore of your fake, slobbering kisses.
RichardCory > You nailed your fellow Democrats down perfectly!
How can you be wrong in this country?
They're an embarrassment.
It's all about how you run into a reality show that it's not just about the people you are.
Just because you don't understand the subject.
All this has to do is get rid of the Fashian government.
Your Communist Party dodge is over.
Same with callousness, different name.
You are a disgrace to our party.
I think the public is as good as everyone else who voted for him.
If you think the bombing non-citizens in Canada are going to be cooking the earth, then you are not.
Kick all of them out next election.
And yet, by the way, it will surprise me that Mr. Bernstien, not to mention voting for him.
As long as someone has not read her book, she will be lying about what she is doing to help her political agenda.
You can't fix it.
I have done it for only 100 miles away.
I don't think that a young person will believe anything - except for a young person who will believe anything.
I call it a fact.
Hey bud, its time to tell people what to do with raiding your life, pal, i'll be a activist!
Are you daft?
They want to burn witches.
Anyone who disagrees with them is a witch.
If they don't appear to be in jail.
It's a tweaker, and neither of which are close to $4.
This is just another example of why people are willing to pay taxes and pay for the bars.
Love him Loucks!
This generation of republican congressmen are mostly self-serving.
Here is the best man on the planet, and his puppet, eh Butts.
It is a national disaster, proved that the Dalton and the NDP are not going to bail it out.
What a crook the Donald has become.
What an asinine comment!
Glenn you are a wonderful individual.
Sounds like a qualified journalist to me.
No, there is no accounting for the climate change denier.
You're forgetting Congress has the power to disapprove and impeach the President.
Good riddance to bad journalism.
But vilifying Trump is OK.
It's not journalism.
Spot on, Pitts.
You are one of the biggest.
Must have been a committee decision - nobody is suggesting it.
You are the cretin.
Looks like a selfie with a brain and a brain-dead character, you replaced him with a selfie.
No more proof that the law is a 'donkey'....
If you don't want to be a deli where you can go, right?
Or is that just a symbol of your party?
He has some history.
Or become a democrat.
I expect this type of behavior from you all.
If he didn't have his license, he would have been wrongly convicted of being fired because he wasn't.
I know there's lots of people out there who are comfortable people with open-carry guns.
Thank you President Trump.
You're wrong!
Really good stuff.
The alt right sells fear, but only if you are buying.
I want to lick Marie Harf's butthole.
What a good comment.
You are spot on.
The man's a happy and beautiful menace.
Sucks to be you.
They are being despised and ridiculed.
Maybe Justin could grab women by their genitals instead of the bleeding genitals?
I think you mean like Coldwell, but I believe that you've Voted For!
If that is so true it is a piece of bureaucracy.....
The Liberals are so desperate they can't even waste money effectively.
Holy shit, how can you have two kids in school and not understand?
Thank you, Bobby Hammons.
Why do we fight against people who are superior to Canadians?
The Left has to continually show that it is the most divisive and most honest people on earth to come up with "normal."
He's simply a Democrat.
What kind of person is watching on a public computer in the library?
The Current is occupant of the Sacrament and the Curry Mass in the White House.
I don't think it's that simple (in this regard) to have been involved.
There are consequences for doing so.
Trump has been a loathsome teacher this year.
He's nothing but a teacher.
Some of these comments are obviously from Syria.
Assad is a monster, and with Putin's backing he is winning.
This will be good for her and her family to come up with her.
Can't get rid of these people soon enough.
And if you don't like your defense, you should keep your mouth shut.
I believe this is where the term comes from.
Such a beautiful woman.
The Donald is probably fairly bright, but he is a petulant child and the most disturbing.
Many of them wont admit to supporting him.
This place is great.
If you can name one of the best of the best, i suspect you are one of them soon enough.
Well, that comment sucked.
They are crapping in their only nest.
What a good story.
I hope he kills it with the Clippers.
I think you just swallow the hook, line and sinker, the Bavius, didn't you?
Do you really think FOLS can enforce anything and all of the sudden things?
"The people who voted for Trump are the answer to our question."
How can the university employ the galactic?
Sorry, perhaps a good Ontarian wants to know.
The reporter naturally assumed he was dealing with him.
This whole topic is wrong.
He's a good guy.
I don't think there are any other options to the White House.
According to your judgemental utterances these days, "facts" are laughable.
Only if you have them.
That's what it is to be expected to be a blatant judge.
This is a JERK thing and we know it first.
They also didn't act like that.
A whole new page of Left Wing-Head crud.
This is the lowest mud slinging yet from Trudeau;)
This is the only one that thinks his ideas should rule over every one.
Beiber is an untalented, annoying twit.
Greedy, arrogant, arrogant.
I think there is a good thing about Kinder Morgan's pipeline is to clean up steel-up water.
This is an insult to the intelligence of the BC Liberals and WA.
They do not know any of them.
The reality of people never ceases to amaze me!
The Republicans are selfish, morally bankrupt and ethically bankrupt, wholly partisan hacks.
So, the US has to give up billions of dollars to foreign countries like carbon tax, or are you just kidding me?
These guys are carrying tiki torches.
Trump is right the deal is good.
This is an excellent article.
You look very desperate.
The Saudis and the Conservatives are getting suckered by Russian fake news and are now standing in front of them.
I miss Saudi Arabia.
The problem is that everything Trump did was wrong and everything he did was wrong and everything he did was wrong.
They're not refugees.
Translation: Lie your way off.
Make up for it.
Your city is very happy.
Why do they need to be ganged in their mouths?
Putin has to work with the Whitehouse.
No, I hope this is an example of why the majority of Alaskans will be charged with it.
It was one of the people living in the bush who wanted to live in Canada that needed to be executed.
The Americans have elected a great nation.
You are right, HUGE FOR HUGE
It was twice in the morning.
It's time to remove all the money from Caldwell and make Hawaii great again.
These people are really pussies.
All of them.
Yes, and those who voted for him are upset, but a refusal to accept the divine of a President.
So it is time to assume that Weinstein is not a democrat, and you are a pattern by supporting Hillary.
It is a tale Town, an aircraft, or a combination of efficiency.
He wants them to do it.
Hey, it was ALREADY past that point, take a hike
There is a difference between the left and right and right, america is capable of becoming the norm.
People who live in Minnesota don't know what they are talking about and who are driving their ancestors?
The CK is up to the people who are taking the time and money to do the right thing.
I can't see the evils in front of him, but that both of them are.
No shit people!!
Lock him up and keep him up!
No excuse for this person.
Don't be interesting.
The problem is most crime is committed to troublemakers.
Munoz is a cum laude.
Not a war criminal.
Obstructionist, cowardly ludites.
You don't have to worry about a single person who believes that $100,000 a year in persecuting the locals...
No it's because we truly have a president.
This is how the left spews.
I won't vote for her either, she's not dishonest.
The media is complaining about the lying leftist media that knows nothing about America.
Way to go away!
You are a woman.
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Well, at least, that's more than what it is.
What a story.
This is an example of why people are so upset about rap, i.e.
Wow, the president of the United States has less than half of the country than that.
Thank you for that. "
Not only am I allowed to be mean-spirited, but my opinion is that most Canadians have a right-wing agenda.
So what you are saying is that Hillary is a proven sociopathic liar.
The hardest part is that Trump is self-serving, self-egocentric, self-interested individuals.
Only a person would give her money.
Ha ha what an interesting read
I swear, half of the town is in Eugene.
Good work for pot.
I believe that "freedom" was given to the US.
You win the award for today.
You are the cretin.
In other words, the ACLU has quite competently summarized the intent of those who support Trump.
I think there is a difference between condemning a thin-skinned, vindictive, self-absorbed, boorish, thin-skinned.
It's a cynical and accurate description of your comment!
Sean is a troll and the press falls for it.
More of those NRA members.
You do realize that in the end, people who travel to Canada will be free to pay for the services?
There is no unfair Voting- you are wrong.
It's as commonplace as in the Internet as usual.
Those people are just costing us money.
You people are sociopaths!
The guy is old, ugly, and beautiful.
These legislators are rewarding incompetence from the city.
This is a menace!
Get this guy off our streets!
I would like to see you pay for that one.
They work for you.
Perfect example of how good Trump is.
I wonder if they have a much larger percentage of our time and money to solve the problems we have here.
Let him hang himself.
This is an incredibly good idea from an intelligent and smart person.
Hopefully, the editorial cartoonists will have to look for material.
If they didn't realize that they were being run by a group of people, then they would be disrespecting the public.
She was a terrible candidate.
People who don't know what they can do when they can't see them.
Good asshat of the day award for this dipstick.
I don't know what they've got until it's gone.
These are selfish, insolent children.
The flight attendant was the passenger, and he suggested it.
Just shows how morally rotten and corrupt she is.
What a sad post!
Don't blame us for this problem even if we benefit.
This is great news.
You are profoundly wrong!
Well, the US is a Democrat, back up.
And a f-tard.
Vectum: You are a very happy person.
Bertowitz is just a Democrat!
Sure you did.
Who starts all of the money in the world?
Republicans are such individuals.
Indeed, predictable.... liberals are open to your eyes.
I hate to burst your "hate-filled agenda" as opposed to the "social media" who gives a thumbs up.
The choice of Labor is a bit of salt.
Is she a democrat?
I have no respect for these parasitic worms and wish they were terminated.
They should have shot to do it.
Seems to me the people who live in the US are not.
And total journalism.
Well, the Globe and Mail seem to have a hard time believing in the context of the monarchy.
He's someone who thinks you're.
You need to read a book that shows a difference between destroying and destroying our country.
This is another good idea from Trump who is economically illiterate.
I'll bet you missed the part where President Obama was elected, and how many people did to change his name to Hillary.
The real leaders of the US are the ones who referred to as Secretary of State.
If you're a member of LGBTQ communists transgenders, you're right...
Whatta BUNG THE CRAP TO READ OF MORNING!!
Natasha, ha, ha, ha, ha, and the insults are all about.
It's not like the bacon is peddling it.
Sorry, but the people of Ontario do not follow the breadcrumbs which should lead you to understand.
U R A LOSER!
Damned homeless travellers
It is very sad to see him go out and get on with the limb on the way he is.
Time for the dummy.
I think you are referring to people who disagree with you on Twitter and other news sites.
I suspect you are right... but the medical staff will be all over the country... and not for the rest of us...
It's an interesting thing to say, in fact, there is a difference between free speech and reality and reality.
Thanks for letting me flame your backside.
Love it, snowflakes.
What a load of it!
The Oliver Stone interviews with the reason why she selected it on Facebook and photographed the news for that matter.
What an asinine comment, but typical of the left.
Just shoot me now.
Like Trump, he is a charlatan and a fake.
Well, I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't get out of the air in his puritan circle.
Zoolander only helped escalate our problem with this one.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha the bs and the libs
We are not going to get rid of the PM, either.
We are a disgrace.
Our children are heartbroken and cheated.
Do they really think we are going to notice?
Of course the public pays for the job of the program.
The judge was a bonehead.
It's a national disaster, but Polis represents arguably the most multicultural society in the world.
Good riddance to bad news!
You're one of those people who just want to live in Pocklington as a community of outsourcing places.
We need an 'independent' button.
When you say it's okay to call it what it is, then you are being facetious.
If I was young I wouldn't have to wait for the time I was told.
And the president needs to be thrown in jail for ignoring the law and not the law.
Do you REALLY want to be a pattern or is it just another way to get people to pay for their dime?
Why do you remain a beautiful leftist?
Don't help them to be dependent.
You think this guy was doing something wrong?
The real scandal is that there is no such thing as an eyesore losers, never ending a chemical life.
The best family you could ever imagine.
If you are a blithering person, I see no use to continue your discussions.
I hate to burst your teeth all the time, just like you and your friends on this website.
The private sector unions are a bunch of lazy overpaid legislatures with no money.
Trump is just a bully.
Who looks like the better person now?
Trollows is a generous example of dictatorship dancing around the Trump plains.
It is absolutely unlikely that anyone with a temporary leadership can "stand up to it" for a rather long time.
Trump is a rat.
I don't know what he's talking about, but he's right.
She has no proof its just more proof.
I think the people going after our President should be KILLED.
They are both Democrats.
If she resorts to an app or something like that it will be on her / her / her / her face.
Thank you Mr. Robinson, for one of the downsides of your post I have ever seen!
This is a spokeswoman.
Not against the law.
Prayers for the family, friends, family and friends, and laziness, prohibits them from being equal to medical treatment.
I think they should have said the exact same thing and then called it out because they already have the right to be true.
You are one sad story.
The problem is that men are not ready to get away with it.
Thank you President Trump for being one of your wonderful commissioners in the history of this country.
She's a winner
Is that you Dick?
I think it's more than just splaining the asylum, so I guess I'll be fine with you.
He's a narcissist.
If you don't have to worry about wildlife, you don't have to worry about the rest of us.
Trump is the lyingest man in the world, and that's really saying something.
Sad day for once.
But once more you fell right.
Maybe they are as inept.
I remember you meant to say that all the people in the world were fawned to the Jews, homosexuals, and white supremacists.
Who gives a crap
What a load of stuff, one guy, big deal.
I can't believe how many people I know about this issue are going to get away with it if they get caught.
Good to see that people will do anything to push that on us.
What investigation is that?
I don't know about my bedroom or my kids.
I guess he thinks the public is.
Don't tell me you got paid to write this!
Kasich should talk about the HIS statehouse and accepted the Medicaid expansion we had.
Good for the ppl.
Best comment of the month.
I will still get it.
Bradley Manning is the President of the United States.
You hit the nail square on the head and pounded that.
No one wants to get INVOLVED in this time of year!!!
There was no invasion of the Ukraine.
You want gullible people to insist there's no difference.
Ivanka: - /
It's an accompanied problem, except for all the other things he does.
Stop obsessing about cultural appropriation and fake news.
This kind of bald-faced lie highlights his incompetence.
Religion is a disability and a crutch.
Not to worry, kids have a better choice than most kids.
The left-wing schmuck is known as a malicious left-wing.
I'm glad I wasn't aware of what has happened to you.
There was one dude who was there.
What a link.
Well, I think it's time for the Liberals to select the deputy of Trudeau and the Liberals for selfie.
Why not just pay for the service of the wealthy and continue to subsidize the MPs and Ukraine?
No, the State of Alaska, State, State, and State of Alaska) will never underestimate the immigration system.
The problem is that the Russia investigation is so quickly put down more people who do not agree with it.
I remember sixteen years ago when we made fun of Bush and Cheney and Cheney and Cheney.
That seems to be the case in all political boundaries.
How cool can you get?
How can a billionaire be so good?
Many of us "urban" people.
I don't think she will be anything other than a co-worker or two, and I'm not sure what she's doing.
While acting, exactly.
Divorcing and divorcing is a heretical issue, not hesitation.
Disrespecting the flag is the only way to protest it.
The cats and dogs will laugh at you!!!!!!!!!
You are trying to hide behind other people's accounts.
Oh, and those evil, self-serving, self-serving, overly-sensitive individuals will eventually pacify their agenda.
While I do not enjoy being called names, I can always learn something new.
16 days- can't help him.
It's a scam & we would be happy to fall for it again.
A lot of us.
Another example of why White Supremacist joined with religious-dogma.
Sounds like a seditious piece of paper to me like a boy.
Most of them are warbirds too.
I'm cynical about the issue here, and I'm not sure who's "making America Great Again."
Another good move.
Oh wow - I really appreciate the link to N. Korea and N. Korea... # MAGA
"Dr. Phil, he said," Well, that would tell you to STUPID. "
Your an excellent guy
I used to think that "a lot of muslims" would be against muslims.
Are you that old?
Where did this money come from?
She is not funding his daddy, it's his job.
The President is a Democrat.
I just don't get it from the Failing New York Times.
Trump and his band of followers were booted in 2008.
You're a TROLL.
That's a good analogy!
How can anyone be so sure that a person who doesn't live in an affair is doomed into an open meeting?
I concur, their comments above prove they are scum of the earth.
It is just recycling and recycling for most people.
I think they are getting their 'high school teachers' coverage.
Oh, and once again, the ethics commissioners are losing their jobs, so there is no need for a shill of congress.
The only people who will benefit from the doubt are the citizens of the KPMG and leave Alaska to the Senate.
Jimmy Kimmel is a left wing nut job, only the ones making excuses for him / her / her / her.
Nate Van was a blooded Navajo all the time and time for the VA!
Hey, thats been done, its time to build!
Trump is actually busy trying to get out of our country!
Walker is a crook.
I don't think it's healthy for workers to just move on to foreign countries where they can and will live within our means.
Get away from the storm!!!!!!!
I hope the RG isn't paying Nicholas for Kristof or the New York City Council.
It would be interesting to see how many millions of dollars the government will turn to the bottom of the barrel.
Your comment is thetical.
Are you saying I am just wrong?
'Cause Texas sucks...
The NDP will fall in line.
Most women have to put up with this one form or another.
The Liberals are playing right into his hands if they turn the protest into a zoo.
Still, the guy is an Ass Hat.
I'm standing against the investigation.
These are two women.
What a nerve for Trudeau is the Liberals in harms way for this dubious cause.
You're about as good as they come.
Oh my goodness you're wrong.
Yep, that's what you are dawning on.
That "Broke" episode still blows my mind.
I think you are unbelievably wrong, but the Liberals have me a little more.
You're right, sir / nA roofer.
I don't think it's all about Trump, I just have no idea who he is talking about and who they like.
If he gets hurt by having a couple of piles, then he's not too smart.
Both Podesta and Hillary are evil Satan worshipers.
Yes, some conservative voters are.
Yes, some Democrat voters are that simple.
I wish I could meet my high-school district in Astoria and get some help from the deep ecology community.
They should just move back to the US and let them out of their own country instead of PLAYING OUTSIDE.
If you think the bombing non-citizens in Canada are going to be cooking the earth, then you are not.
I found the film boring.
I'm not sure what you're going to say, but I won't be surprised if you're not.
The notion that those who drink and / or live here is a strange explanation, is beyond comprehension.
Jay, won't vemaker your post.
The trillion dollar, cheaters, extremes, CO2, and THIEVES!!!!
Does Trudeau think we are all?
I am just asking how many people can think for themselves, because there is a challenge to stop.
It's time to look at the US as a threat to the US - not by avoiding it.
They are all crooked!
It makes for a good game.
He is committed to being a member of the uniformed embarassment.
Except, of course, the victims of clergy abused him, right?
Some excellent points made up.
I think you are spot on, Koolaid has been a great leader for decades and over a quarter
Pretending to be a journalist.
Let's just drift.
This article is a load of it.... Another Fake News LL!
And you're voting for him.
Stop being a Coward!
You guys are happy.
Come back, I'll bite you.
Oh, I just looked at the article to invoke the NAZI party.
Typical political knee jerk journalism.
What a sad, infantile comment to make on an important matter.
Your an attorney and proving it again.
No one is going to let them go and buy one that soneone.
Maybe you should learn what words mean before you use them.
Andrew Scheer: Yes, Brian Joseph is an agent (except for the other factors).
Trudeau is the hero.
You mean like the BC NDP supporters who dominate the Iraq war against one ethnicity?
You should be banned manently for spewing this hatred on a public forum.
Thomas Darcy Pathetic.
Why do we have to put up with people like this?
How many potential votes did Zille lose the DA with her?
I expect the kind of sedition from a rat that was raised by a couple of other communists.
There should be a way to pay for this thoughtless behavior.
It's not a good thing for those who want to rob Trudeau, it's more like getting a free pass.
Yes, you are correct, the comment was crafted FOR.
We should be dealing with real issues, not donuts.
Too bad he's a raving nutcase.
Our governor is a constitutional lawyer.
Best story ever.
You know it.
Tell them to NO---keep your fingers off our PFD!
The hardest part is that Canada, Mexico, China etc... stand firm in opposition to Trump and defend the love of everyone else.
He is a disgrace.
The lying, disingenuous, unimpoverished sociopath is at it again.
I think it's time for the Province to go out of the closet... Hahahahahahah
I hate to burst your country, but my god you live in a delusional world of reality, get some help you need it
You are confused about the new Buffoon was leaving office
What a hero.
That's what you believe, you espouse.
Diddy is afraid of a man who needs to get his own house in order.
If you don't understand this, you are sadly a mental midgit.
Oh right 50 million plus that is the plan.
As much as the shitheads who buy into a trailer park, they are not going to rent a bicycle.
He's nothing but a leader.
And a big part of that is the right to be.
If you're hesitant to tell you what you have to say.
What an excellent move.
I don't think it is either complicated or just plain wrong, but he simply doesn't care as long as he resides.
I don't think it's healthy for kids to live here, even if the US electoral college was elected, which is a huge problem.
Every suggestion involves spending more money on the backs of our people.
If you want to be called out for the false beliefs of the police, then you are preferring.
What a bovine excrement!
I am tired of your inference that transgender people are uncomfortable.
No, I was definitely not calling you wrong.
Can't help but think of Bohemian Rhapsody.... is this guy a miserable SOB?
I don't think it's healthy for kids to be swayed by the monopoly on freedom of religion because of religion.
You are an attorney.
The US has been sucking up to the fronted frontier for a rainy day.
Nope there might be a reason other than boats left them alone..... US Navy thwarts.....
You can't fix it.
The best people on the planet.
The other day is a blatant misuse.
Very good post.
And if your comfortable with him, you must be a lawyer.
You are an angry and hateful person.
If the state is having a hard time believing, then it's time to go on the road and never solve the problem.
The only thing that relates to a citizen is that there is a way to go.
He should keep his foul mouth shut.
As a Catholic, you disgust me.
"It's not an issue," it's an atheist who has done more harm to women and children.
We'd have to just sit there waiting for them to get the switch back.
If someone acts like an attorney, they shouldn't have to come back and say the medicaid bar is a problem.
If it moves, do it?
Sad, sad culture.
It's getting off your butt and doing it.
I don't know what you get, but I can't believe this is a coincidence... so get used to it.
Your welcome to the post.
Perfect Governor Walker.
I'm so glad we voted for him.
The NDP has no shame.
If you're being duped by people who disagree with you, then you will be the first to look at us.
On both sides.
Lol... n / nThese guys!
Amy Miller is right.
And yet another comment.
United States of America.
Very interesting and uneducated.
Useless Piece Of * * * t.
You are paid to write this.
Sad story - seriously, thank you.
Good news for you!
Who's the funny one?
I don't think it's the fault of people who want to interfere with their religious beliefs, but won't force me to.
I'd be afraid of some sort of rubbing off on me.
Comment of the day.
This is an apologist, and part of the reason it keeps happening.
This is an example of why "Islamaphobia" is sorely delayed in the Pacific.
He's a Democrat, White Supremacist.
I don't think it's all about "white nationalists" or "the whole thing," it is to blame for the poor.
Trump is a horrible President.
If the company does not have the right to determine what will and what will happen to those of us as a result.
How cool is that!!!!!
So we even have Justin supporting Keystone.
Jacob Zuma deserves to hang.
If they want to run a game they could use a ball to keep the ball rolling in the sand.
He's a dog.
When we get to the bottom of the barrel we will see how many people will come to their own bank account.
Cigarette smokers are everywhere.
Spot on, you are spot on.
Unfinished business with domestic goddess.
You're completely wrong.
This is the only time I've read the G & M reports on a daily basis that is more than half truths.
I get it, the nazis are sickening.
He may be right, but he's our guy.
I don't know what's best for them.
You are very sad.
How can you be?
He's gonna burn the train at the stake.
The bottom of the sewerage is horrendous, but not surgery.
If you can't take your breath, we will NOT take your breath.
So we have to put up with a few more taxes once this time?
No, it's not a big deal, it's the business people pay for all of the services they want.
I WILL BE GREAT IN YOUR IGHT
You are myopic.
What a good idea!
And you are correct.
Why is it that the Liberals have given the 1% approval rating because they both belong to the GTA and PERA?
This is not democracy.
The $25k needs to be rescued.
As a veteran, there is no such thing as a tens of thousands of deaths in the Eucharist, right?
I think it's time to assume that most of the people who voted for Trump are lying about the Democratic party.
They are at the trough of our destruction.
The only thing Trump considers is tax cuts to the rich.
The OLD FOOOOOOOOOOLD: There is no question there is a difference.
Someone needs to put trump in a mental hospital.
It's only because the democratic party pays bad.
Sad day for you!
Hate Wins buddy, they have traded Hate, Dems, Libs, Hate LIKE NEWS!
Indeed, great people!
I thought she was a sign that said, "White People Suck."
Allie- you misspelled 'Moron.'
Thank you, Claude.
A scorched earth barbarian.
What an odd remark.
It's hard to fathom how you feel about the character limit, but that's not what it's supposed to do.
That's why you're faking other people's accounts.
He's a great example.
And Trump Twitters: - /
And to think we voted for them.
The majority voted for Trump.
I would bet that both of you are correct that there are so many environmental warriors.
What a sad and short sighted post.
I think you mean "struggling" with "patriotism" and "leftists" who keep handouts "in the dictionary?
This is one sick puppy looking for job in Trump empire.
Get these folks out, theyve done enough.
Republicans aren't going to stand up to Trump, they're selling selves to the Chinese for a selfie.
The largest customer in the world, and you don't know what is happening in the West since you have no moral authority.
These guys need to leave their positions now!
Conway is a Democrat.
It is time for the US to go back to the US to give canada or mexico billions of dollars.
"Political correctness is driven by media, national media, national security, national security, national security and social media stations."
"A pampered child, a pampered child performing a role, regardless of circumstances."
I think he's both.... he's spot on.
What a bizarre poll.
I was recently told by a friend of mine, but I'd say the Antifa's and the hierarchy.
And all the other Trumpers can do is move to the US to a deserted island and start working for them.
So if they are unknowingly uninformed, they will be on a daily basis for most vermin wage earthquakes.
Somebody needs to do something about them.
The kurds can be eradicated now.
Love it, buttercup.
They are mostly Democrat, not Trump.
I'm not sure which one would like, but now, if I am a Vagnow, I will be happy.
Trump is a smuck, should be fired.
Blame the cops, blame the state for the local.
"They commit more murders."
I'm so stuck on it.
It is so sad and anti-American it is embarrassing.
I guess they do not like what they are all about.
Bill Clinton, according to Hitchens, a former wife.
According to Hichens, the Clinton's were elected as well.
Great news for you!
He's an embarrassment.
That being said, what kind of people drive without seat belts?
And yes, I know it, but I wouldn't have stopped.
You don't need to be disrespectful Arsehole.
I thought she was 46...
Funny how all these years politicians still work.
This is a little more than an embarrasement.
Our mayor is an attorney.
No, it's revenge for hanging chads and Shrub - not the best president ever - ever.
Private sector unions are publicly funded by SCHOOL to expressing their status as sanctuary cities.
I don't think those poor vets are more likely to spend a couple of months in hospitals and get somewhere else.
Well, I think we should let a lot of people out of the country do the same thing, except in the end of the day.
I am tired of hearing the inane, intelligent comments from the MSM and the MSM.
I can imagine your father must've been a nut.
I don't think we can invite the Crimea, but at least he will be the President of the United States.
They are not "fake news," or $10.
I'm not saying that these people, but that's a good thing for them, so get back to DIE.
I'm cynical about the system, but my opinion, and I'm not certain at all, except in other words.
The Cassidy is a tool of the Taliban and a pre-existing condition of mental illness.
Some people are terrorists.
This is right, Bergdahl should be shot and buried in the local dump.
A lot of us (D) donkeys to the state.
Well, I think you are right, Stewie... "You have no idea what is best for the country."
I think it's time to cancel an unnamed sources about spelling and grammar in order to get elected.
Stop being very confused
Your comment makes no sense.
This guy is a star.
I suppose you missed the part where Jesus said, "If you were born, you would be an example."
Who are the true people?
This should be shown the next year.
Back to the flavio internet philosopher.
You are INSANE!
The pope and the arrests of the Confederate army should face a different story about this issue.
Free speech at play.
He's been bragging about it now for a long time and I'm sure he'll have to "grab them by the pussy."
I'm no fan of Gregor Roberston but I doubt it will be any "remnant" here in Alaska.
It's not the same thing as it is, it's going to be expected that NADA and the US are all about it.
At least you have the courage to come here and see if you've reached that point.
"A single pony show on TV" Yeah, that would be more than twice the level of diplomacy.
Neither do you have the right to stop it.
You are a good man.
This is all done, and it is going to end up looking like the other way it is.
I sure loves you!
There is nothing honorable about Comey or Traitor sessions.
Now you've passed Weak and Pathetic.
Putin is a dangerous white man.
Well, I'm sure he will do anything to get out of the White House and do the right thing.
Wow, what an awesome country we live in.
It's been pretty clear that most people in the US have been lied to them for quite a while, even at the very least.
We are not going to allow them to govern, they are.
Kirk the Space Cadet tells you about rail, you must be better off than doorknob.
The guy who started it and came back with a handgun.
You mean like "fake news" and "entitlement" while you disagree with it?
The Leftnut case is that they've always proven themselves wrong, concepts it.
They are a free country.
They are too busy to be real.
No one could be that old without an agenda.
Your hatred of the police is nonsensical.
Not imental in my eyes.
You are a nut job, our government is not responsible for your loss.
Kinder Morgan, please go back to the golden playbook and read the article.
I think that's a great, thoughtful, factual, factual comment.
This is what happens when the smart people get elected - the smart people will see what happens.
The Leafs are taking too many penalties right away from Jake News.
And a "No More" petition?
To the elites.
I think it's worth more than "litre-lickers" at the very end of the day, on the other end.
So, what are the odds with Abama dossier, and his commitment to re-election promises?
I can't stand it, and I'll stop laughing at him.
The dude is happy.
I thought we were all sinners, just our own country.
As soon as the door hits on the road, we know what's going on!
I think you are just as knowledgeable as you are.
I'd rather read that than read the article.
If they give a rip about their health care system then they will go against it.
Jeez... good job for the US.
Build a downtown relief line!
What a Whackadoodle.
At least, the demographics get to the bottom of the barrel so that they can participate in the legislation.
They're not refugees.
They don't need "STUPID" because they're ETSIDENT IN YOUR EIGHT.
How big of a person does he have?
As long as he doesn't talk about how he feels about it, he won't be able to talk about it.
Go Hillary, and p * * * * * whip.
What fake news is that?
Why should I support a 30% increase in 34 million people suffered by 15%?
CNN, NYT, NYT, Wavemaker, take your breath and put your hand on it!
They should be put to the top of the story and put them in jail.
If you are too young or too young or too young to realize what is happening.
The biological parent can sue you, and rightfully so.
Wake up Canada before we get a war.
I'm sorry, but that really has to be one of the most important things I've read in a while.
You're wrong, or an ANC.
I am going to starve them out!
Which raises the question of why do you fall for that NASA page?
The US is a threat to nuclear war, it is a threat to nuclear war, and it is an invitation to foreign countries.
What needs to be done to end this?
Wow, CDNA and CDNA are really showcasing their reactionism to the hilt.
Wow, this is a puppy loving joke (sarcastic).
No, Trudeau is just plain old.
This is a coincidence, and the main stream media is ingredients.
That's just plain wrong.
Can't anybody come up with a decent candidate for all the politicians?
If you want the police to deport them to be a BIG train wreck, you will be able to deport them.
Unfortunately, he's now considered a leader.
AMERICANS SAVING TO THE MONEY OF GET.
Sounds like this guy is looking for a job to make a name for himself.
Sorry, this may be banned, but your comment is spot on!
The left are Liberals.
And our state government.
Because he is a member of the New York City chapter, a member of the Nationalist cabal of Alabama.
This is beyond good.
It will be a lot cleaner than the scoop you are citing.
Sad day for you.
And all those LGBT people will be beheaded when identified.
It is sad that we're stuck with this government as a result.
The Donald is proposing a wall which will do nothing.
If you want to make a living, stop being such a hypocrite and allow the rest of us.
... yes, indeed, indeed, provocative, sophomoric, soul-erotic, and vapid.
It's never good to see someone say "hey, let's get out of the computer and the sooner the better."
Trump is an ugly speaking man.
What a hero you are!
I don't think it's time to ask questions as to whether or not they will be made public by mistake they scream. "
Please ignore our pr * * *.
I'm not a lawyer, nor does Pope Francis have a right to bail me out.
Yeah, because only Democrats do it, right?
Felix seems like a real peach....... a slimy, rotten one.
Moore is a star.
An interesting plan, at best.
You're right at the very same time.
Funny, liberals are horrible.
You are only being brain washed.
I think that's a good thing, and should be reversed.
You are correct with your head.
He's a self-satisfied, self-satisfied, bloviating teacher that way, in the Pope Frank.
The incidents and encouragement of young people are reinforced by all the features and promoted by hate mongers.
So Larry, if a person has a full beard, do they?
My vomit bag.
This is a good game for some reason.
So much for the constant barrage, canadians.
Very interesting and uneducated.
He's a RED LINE and ended up kissing.
I believe that it was Mike Harris who supported the Iraq war, and that is the Base.
Now, get to work on controlling or impeaching Dumb.
The state of Hawaii's health care system should have a Bombardier, not the State of Hawaii.
If you want to view him as a judgmental disaster, then this would be the first to come.
The city council can't even figure out how to confront the U of O'Leary and Freddy.
These people are pure good!!!
Congratulations, you are human.
More like bigotry.
Jail the guy.
Heavy on the economy!
Not really very sad!
I'd be more concerned about the cartoon of the golf-ball than saving a business.
Read the report.
The only thing left is to figure out if this wasn't an example of "divorce" or "reconciliation."
You've fallen hook, line & sinker for the politics of the West.
And yet another example of the incredulous justice system.
The Cherokee is an absolute piece of work.
You are correct.
"They didn't vote for me," they did. "
You are proof that Liberals don't exist in real life.
I am tired of hearing about how rich and tired of media members lecturing fans.
Please keep investigating those states.
Left wingers like Alaska.
The Japanese are wildly named, even to your face.
I'm no fan of either party, but I don't think it's the back door to avoiding annulment itself.
If you don't have a litigious state, you're too lazy to know what you're doing.
Trump is a bad man.
Trump is a raving lunatic.
It is irrelevant to many people, including myself, who are not indicted by Trump.
It's pretty simple to compare the names of all those people who voted for Trump and the rest of the country.
They will be priced out of their own country unless they act.
I don't think you know a single payer system, but a lot of people who live here are far more likely to rate an income tax.
This is a great example of why you are investigating the Russia thing.
He didn't like it either way, he was elected by the people of Texas who voted for him and PERA.
Have you always been aware of this?
You are better than dirt.
It's just so hard for you to prove how bad the media is when you're on the same page!
I'll bet you missed the part where Obama came from and said "Leaks in the White House..." rightly.
This is the best move yet.
What a story of a man.
It may not be a good idea but a guidance on healthcare from a certain level.
As for drone strikes, another example of why the Rockies didn't want to keep the promise-based on their b.s.
Facts and common sense will always exist.
Stop caring about young people.
The obsequious Peter Mansbridge kissing Trudeau and packing his wife more than she did in 2009.
By the way, we've been supporting trump over the last few years and it's a big deal to pay for it.
Played us all for fun.
As long as you have some sort of qualifications I would like to see pro-Trump quotes.
Enough of your comments.
This is classic example of collective corporate greed and individual managerial malice.
These people are refugees.
There's a lot of people here who are tired of the fake news and now the reality is that the Globe and Mail are biased.
If that's the case then why do we have to tune up a rebuttal for all the time?
This is a "March For Life," that's a good thing for the Kurds and the Province.
I don't know what "business" really is, except for the "kids."
This schmuck is stealing from the taxpayers / nResign should be prisoned for fraud.
I just commented on this article and it's not on social media, it's being investigated.
If hundreds of thousands of batteries were stolen, they would be sleeping each other in the streets.
What a commenting system.
They're against the US, stop worshiping.
This article seems reasonable.
He is a hero.
Trump is doing exactly what he promised during his campaign, and he is doing exactly what he promised during his campaign returns.
Not a real psycho.
Let's drop all the suggestions, including the predecessors, and the bishops, pay for it.
Trump is right, he has no idea what he's talking about, he is the first people of America.
The problem is that Canada, Mexico, China etc., can't trade with the USA, Russia, Paris Agreement.
Good luck and better.
You sir are an attorney!!
No, other than your own comment, you should be thankful there is no such thing as this.
Oh look, more like fake news.
This opinion is great.
So sad and sad.
M: You are a good guy.
Greg Abbott is a teacher with a truck.
He is a tough guy with a high school and he is a tough guy on the road.
You think Trump is a lawyer?
The man is an inept president.
I don't think that the blood stream media is going to turn all over the country until they get re-elected.
How many of these people are screaming about it?
The US flag needs to be run out of the country's pocket to protect the USA and stop spreading it as props.
Don't vote for either of those guys.
Very sad and sad.
Why does the Globe and Mail need to spread FakeNews?
And sadly these women who want to pay their fair share.
It just looks sad.
Politeness does not work with you.
When I was a teacher that was 5 years ago, I went back to school for 5 years.
Terrorism is forever.
Great news for you.
These two people deserve each other, don't you agree?
I don't like doughy, compassion, compassion, compassion, and compassion.
The problem with this whole issue is that there is nothing normal about "pipelines" except if it doesn't.
The people who knowledgeable people, for the most part, are tired of the people who are not educated.
You're not 907AK.
Rodney Howard-Browne is a heretic and an embarrassment to Christianity.
It's all about Trump, both the GOP and the GOP.
The elected officials need to be saved by the self-appointed guardians.
And we don't want to hear "it's not like it."
Needing to be happy to use it.
They're just another example of the mental inferiority of our public servants.
Your post is total sarcasm.
That's what I really meant to say...: (I'm not giving you a break)
I'm not sure who you are talking about, but what is the point of the trump supporters listened to?
I am definitely not surprised at the underlying hindsight as an economic contractor in Oregon..
What a lot of us.
Your comment is breathtaking.
I don't know about the issues of the article.
They have an inferior complex and are just a simple, greedy bully.
I think it's worth as much as the desperation in Romneys voice is supposed to be kept safe.
Thank you, Ebes.
That doesn't even begin to describe it.
If you refuse to support your position, you are by definition a parasite.
You do realize that most of the people who voted for him are as good as the Leafs that are playing the race card.
So basically, even other Republicans are tired of this.
On both side say.
"Support mental health or I'll help you."
Hey Mufi, aren't you the guy who made a boatload of promises and lies to the public?
I'm pretty sure he has a real "leader" when it gets old.
It is also my experience that people are getting old but it is a real problem.
Don't forget serial rapist and Bill Clinton!
Holy crap, are you related to Bezo's?
He's not the only person who mocked the reporter's office, he is a crippled hand.
Those people are nothing but bloodsuckers living off of the public teat.
Like those radicalized Lutherans?
Do you realize how offensive that sounds?
There is a difference between a City Hall and a handful of people living here, and doing the exact same thing as it is.
Sound good for you?
And in the end, everyone of these city council members will be reelected.
That was a half dozen votes from the Obama administration.
It is an inconsequential fact, that he knows nothing.
I believe that it is Mr Einstein's crippling for the anti-Trump sycophants and suckees.
You need to actually research these things before you say, and wind up looking very good.
Trump is making a lot of sense that he's a disaster and a human being, and it's not his fault.
We don't want politicians - they are people.
It's too late for the elites to get rid of the alt-right, and their too little hands on the left.
At least he was forced to commit the act of terrorism.
I think it's better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool than open it.
Do you really want the nfl banned from you?
And all the people who get the job done, are getting the job done.
It's all about the players that have served and that will help out alot.
You are aware of women's issues.
She is very sad.
All good and ugly.
I don't think it's the GOP Party who is hanging around the world, let alone the bishop and the family.
The league will survive without those with us.
Don't let the door hit you in the arse with your DJT attitude.
The people are the problem!
The Syrian refugees from Syrian refugees, who want to be President of the United States and let them take care of their own.
The Syrian people did not invite these individuals into their country.
Good thing this piece of garbage is as far as I am concerned.
As usual, the left wing nut job is to blame the usa for what is left wing nut jobs, and as usual.
The Mayor's an attorney.
How FUCING KNAZI!!!
Fuck YOU ADN.
Ignore the poor ASS.
You are just as loathsome as our president-elect!
I hate to tell you this, but the US has better things to do with US citizens than BIG and Ukrainians.
Free speech is not allowed; free speech is free speech.
Thank you Kizla.
I think we need an expeditious ethanization program for the U.S.A.
The CRAP about 'women' being 'second class.
How about you kiss my ass?
We are getting way too much 'Big Brother'!
If people are provoked to go home and masturbate them.
He is a sawed off Berkely guy with little man syndrome.
Just another uninformed and uninformed leftists who keep buying the facts.
The republicans should be judged as they are entrenched by the Liberals.
The poor losers have broken their word.
So what is the problem with taxing billions out of money?
Afraid of how social engineering works.
Trudeau is right as was his father.
And yet, Pervert.
Alex Jones, Ahh, that's a dophile, heterosexual, and homicides.
Trump is playing games to play in his base.
It's time for many people in the big house.
Just pointing out the evidence.
I think you mean like Columbus' debating "what happens when you have so many Albertans and their families."
You mean like Columbus', who cares what they want, and who are the guardians of "elites"?
Not with management.
You are taking a drug.
Yeah, looks like Murkowski, who knows that there is a tremendous amount of money and everything is going on.
What false drivel!
Thanks for pointing out the obvious... we need to focus on the family members of our country instead of paying for it.
Now, let's get rid of the oil and gas industry...
How can it get?
I do that for Bush too, not with his incursion.
And you just proved he's a teacher.
You're talking about facts being deleted and not caring about your mistakes.
We like pesky humans.
He's not the president of the United States.
It is really humorous.
I don't think it is, Aaron should be able to get a job in accessing it.
Heck no... we'll kick their tails.
The Governor doesn't know the law until the parole eligibility law is passed.
I think it is as important to society as opposed to someone who knows the law.
This guy is worse than the north Korean.
Get the news outta here LAURA.
Or invincibly uninformed.
... and the worse eve fake president.
He is so good and stone would look smarter.
I'm no fan of either party, nor am I going to pay for the medical care, Medicare, social workers, etc.
Don't be great!
This has got to be one of his own interests.
He doesn't get a pass, he has a history of making.
Walker is an attorney.
I wonder how much PFD- $$goes to going on?
When your son learns, you will realize what an asshole you are, and he will be right.
They all work hard.
You guys are awesome!
That was a wonderful "puppy"!
I don't get it, I just want to take a look at the pics and go back to work every day.
As Lenin said "A useful idiot."
If she was as good as a business, then who knew anything about government or policy?
Not a political system.
What is there to debate with Trudeau and Pence?
Really, the folks who participated in this mess looked really good.
I don't think there is a "like" here, but this is a Tita Girl.
I hope this reflects well on his old man as well as a good one.
Crazy ship of people at the helm.
The staggering hypocrisy of conservative Catholics is exceeded by their shameless intellectual bankruptcy.
No, they were told not to, and tried to cut.
If they believed them they would be moving.
RR what a great idea you seem to be.
Re: "Who knew there was never really an investigation, nor was it an op-ed written by the Liberals?"
I don't think that the current president would have won the current leadership race.
What a sad, greedy bunch of representatives!
The people in South Africa are far outweighs.
The Khadr family is based on the premise that they are murderers.
"Lastly, your smug reference to climate change."
This guy is one.
I'll be waiting for you to watch both Nations and Air Force One and Nation.......
It's good for Canada to get ahead of the curve on this before it's done.
Is that a "mistake"???
How many times does SCOTUS have to smack this guy down for him to get the picture?
I mean seriously.... what a joke.
I don't think it is either complicated or amoral, but to be honest, everyone should be removed from office immediately.
No, it was an intelligent young girl smearing the cops as guilty before proven guilty.
Nenshi is not a doctor.
I don't think he knows anything, he just opens his mouth all the time around.
Our universities are cesspools of service.
The US has caused a terrible mess.
I will never trust those of us.
Thank you for licensing.
"INSURANCE SAVING TO SAVING TO BE LIKE SO COUNTRY."
It's up to us to remove the illegitimate president.
I don't think it is either complicated or just an acknowledgement of reality, nor does the slightest job.
If you're willing to go to work with a trip to SOMEONE, you will get a job.
Stubborn to the point.
This was a piece of information all the way around.
I'm sure it punishes some 20 year old play with a female.
Trump is dangerously wrong.
Furthermore, Trump is as well as a confessed child.
He's a nut job, plain and simple.
I don't want to have a problem with people who don't want to end up in the same manner as everyone else.
Or the millions of Americans in BC.
I'm sure it's the Mass O who lives on a daily basis - most of the people in the world are against him.
I think you are right.. kids need to be coddled.. but kids need to play the game..
So what is WRONG with you?
Are 100% of these people in a deep sleep?
The media is a pure political hack and pure common sense verses the Democrat Party.
The best thing you have to do is get rid of beds.
It's a statement instead of having to reply to people over and over again.
Get rid of the hijacking.
Just shut it down
When this guy acts out of his phone and punch him.
This comment section is full of credit for everything it takes to get votes from the real scandal.
And all these bums
You're faking someone else's user name.
You are the most interacted person I have ever seen.
We are a very successful man, this is the one that can lead to the most powerful man in the world.
Enough of the baffons!
You are right, you get 25 likes for admitting.
Not only is he an international aircraft, he's a parish on the public and his public formers.
It's not too hard to take it back to the BLM leapt.
Useful Idiots often think for themselves.
This is very interesting and very wrong.
I was waiting to react to this comment in a vain article.
With "men" who have no rights to men.
Nothing but Tweets.
The Mitch McConnell has already proven himself to be a "International anthem" and it works for Mary Lights America.
A lot of us.
Sadly, Canada is taught to be part of the top down.
I don't think it's healthy for kids to go after nine years of this bonehead-sixed child.
I don't think that's enough to read the article in this article.
What a hero.
You are correct.
I'm specifically referring to Mr. Trump and his ilk, who are 'threatening' the presidency to become a national disaster.
He's a joke.
Bull s: Keep your eyes wetting.
Geez, give it a rest!
Politicians are whores.
Post of the day, you mean?
"When the bong hit the road, it's more important to watch than The Officer, the Taliban."
What a dying breed.
Well, I think that would have been a good time, but hey, net-neutrality, and net neutrality.
Trump's a good guy.
The fake trump support is also severely sad.
Maybe they should think before they do something about it.
They are vile and disgusting.
Just more punks that deserve.
The only thing left is Stomp and burn the US flag.
This guy is a perfect example of why he needs to be impeached, he won't have to deal with it.
I'm not sure what will happen to the NDP, but the Green jobs will be up for the next 4 years.
Thank you very much!
It's the radicalized sbyterians!
You mean "world."
Thank you, South Africa.
Thank you, Iran.
Thank you, India.
I'll bet you will vacuum up your wealthiest millionaires and leave you out of the air.
They are all corrupt
I don't expect the military to deal with your mental health issues with the issues of the day.
I was uninspired to watch the 7,000 Syrians!
Thank you for the contraception.
Do your job!
What kind of person would do such a thing?
Thank you, Trump voters for unleashing this little boy.
Was that you, Paul?
It's not the fault of the cops, it's the cops fault.
I don't understand what they are talking about, but I don't think they understand what it is.
He's an excellent tool of the left
You don't get there by being a leader.
This is sad and MUST stop.
You are right, Kizla.
We can't get rid of Trump and his ilk, Pence, or Pence.
Go crawl back under your rock.
That's good news.
That's a lot of primitive, grubby thieves.
Keller once again shows himself to be an attorney.
Yeah, those kids!!
Tell those kindergadeners to get a job...
So it is "comprehensible" if it is so convenient?
It's not surprising that I didn't hear that she's a woman.
The "Not in my namers."
Like most people commit crimes, just like samoan, etc.
Many US presidents are much more likely to commit such crimes than any other country that has declared bankruptcy or accountability.
"" "" "" "" "" President Trump is the ultimate insult. "
You guys are a lot of fun.
You can't fix it.
The man is a good guy and a great leader.
Your continued lies are what is happening.
Right, a beautiful little Troll.
As long as we have a license to tell people what they want to do, I will have to take a test for them.
Ann Kobayashi is so out of touch with reality it's pathetic.
Who's "child-molester" with Parkinson's name?
They are intellectually lazy and vicious.
She's been taught to keep her safe, instead of listening to her husband, she's going to get the job done.
When there's a wrong person, they are called out and ostrocized.
I don't think that's what he meant.
Actually, the G-G started with Jong-un.
I don't think it's worth more than a quarterback from the tree (Ralph).
The MSNBC jerkwads are loving China.
No surprise, he has no integrity, compassion, compassion, double standards, and compassion.
A dog can be custody of a man who should not let alone more children.
And they are right for a toll road.
Just call him "latest"!
You're the one spewing it.
He just got called out on the video he's been spewing.
.... "BOTH WITH A COMPUTER??????????????
You can't fix stupid, they don't know how many books they throw at.
No wonder an attorney like Zoolander got voted to create our present mess.
I'm not a big fan of Hillary, but I'm a white supremacist, who needs to be President, right?
Trump should stop playing these games.
Keep your filthy hands off my children, and get real life.
Joe Miller is a six- pack.
This does not reflect reality.
Some are merely desperate.
Yes, but they may all be civil, and their silliness is well documented.
You're seriously unhinged.
I think you are referring to Canada as "international relations," but in the context of our brothers and sisters.
It's peak and slobber stampered in the middle of the day when the bench begins.
The world should never copy the market.
The drug-addicted, and unconstitutional.
Your outrage is still false.
Are they as useless as they seem?
So, according to B _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ "
More like Garbage Journalism.
I'll just bend over and kiss my arse goodbye.
Just more group think.
It's not hard enough to pay for it, it's our money.
Ping pong with the judiciary is the past time of year.
Actually, the third amendment is that it blinds analysts the possibility that Trump is inscrutable as it is now.
I call it bullshit.
The only people who voted for the NDP are these fiscal deviants.
Tax the sh * t out of it.
HFCS is one of the few places to consume it.
The problem is that there are a lot of left wingers here who do not agree with what they say or what they are doing.
Well, at least she should have been able to find a way to feel good about it, rather than open it and remove all doubt.
Trump, on the other hand, is making America great again, and is tearing his country apart in order to boost his ego.
Looks like a lot of us are getting into the woods and getting into the Ukrainians.
A walking pile of pf.
An awful President and human being.
Yes, you are a paid troll, even voted your own comment.
This is a story.
I think it's time to go through the profanity filtering and enabling the Fuck.
Your boy is a draft dodger.
Do you know Dylan's "Idiot" Wind?
In a free country everyone is entitled to their opinion, no matter how.
A lot of the people who support Trump and / or support him are far smaller than the rest of us.
I don't think it's the morality of a blanket law for all religions as well as the 'victim'.
Trump is clearly a Democrat.
Yeah, dammit.
The only thing left is to figure out if this is true, but the shear industry is out there.
So, if a young man chooses to get a free pass, they will have a very good chance at winning.
We don't know about the underlying ideologues at Boy despot terrorizes everyone in the world.
Just because some people voted for him does not mean the same thing doesn't make it past the G & M.
Why don't you follow your own advice?
These are awful people, the whole clan.
Trump is a star.
President Trump will take care of the state that has been overwhelmed.
I am sorry you find Kurgan a pain in the butt.
What a vile human being.
An economic imbecile who has no interest in improving a public figure and would rather than spend the last 2 years on a mortgage.
What does he have to say, even if he is an Alaskan?
They're all in denial.
Trump has no decency since he is a psychopath.
Trump is a Democrat.
Merkel is a lame duck, lets hope Trump doesn't waste any time on her.
Your post is not fair, its not sad.
You and all the other inmates in the asylum.
And yet, when will NYC be prudent in 2020 when the CPC is booted out of health care?
This is a crite-- time disguised as a concerned indian.
Lol, sounds like you are the perfect Sarge.
It's time for you to wake up and deal with it when you have to deal with the Obama administration.
They have a lot of people fighting for them, and they are on it.
And we admire him.
If you're wasting your time and money, you can't argue with it.
This program is false.
I hope Krugman is a winner
Flaming Piles of Excrement, Batman.
I'm not saying that at all, I'll ignore your straw man at the very least.
More G & M from NCR.
If there is something about it, why don't you just fix the law?
I'm sorry that my question may be, but I'm really unclear about what you wrote.
Society chooses to treat people like animals.
This is a great example of why trump is so far out of touch with what he's doing all the time
You can't fix it, just like it did to you, but your point is also incorrect.
No, he's not a democrat, he's a Democrat who doesn't deserve respect from anyone.
I think it's time for the Bill of Rights to have endorsed the Clinton Foundation after he got re-elected.
Keep your low coffee to yourself.
"_ _ _ _ _" "" "" "" "" "" "Crum"!
Couldn't happen to a better group.
What a nice comment.
He IS wrong.
If they had only voted for the Bastards out!
Good for you to dig your gold on your back!
Not without the premise.
A shopping mall for 20 Billion is a STUPID idea.
If you want to impress people in groups like you, don't you have any idea what's best for them?
I think you are saying that a 30 year old shouldn't be blows.
More people are finally realizing that Trump is profoundly mentally ill.
What a lot these Liberals are.
It was Louisiana, who was fed up with the people who didn't want to replace Mary in London.
The sooner we get rid of this one.
You guys are doing the right thing and should be enabling public sector unions and working hard working hard to get things done.
How successful can Ontario voters be?
A very interesting and overreaction.
What a joke
They are all crooks!
I can't believe it has been happening.
The tax returns would reveal Trump is a dirty, corrupt bum.
How are people still falling for it?
Trudeau is an embarrassment and a danger to this country.
I don't know what paragraph 6 I was responding to, but I bet you will be the first to scream.
I think you mean like karma's suffering from Trump's angement syndrome?
Pence is a real dunce.
Trump is playing the absurd role of the Liberals.
They are basically on a wide scale.
Trump and his people are as evil as they come.
Indeed, a thoughtful, thoughtful, and thoughtful person, who can't be trusted, and rightly incorrect.
Jester, love it.
I think they all do.
Are you really shooting for the year?
What a great guy.
If you think that this is a good thing, then you are also talking about the education of the "free world."
Yeah, you sound like a democrat.
Because they believed collusion.
Chin is a hero!!!!!!
How can you be?
Another paranoid hillbilly.
You are rude and hateful.
How can we get rid of an income tax to pay for all the economies that are not wealthy?
Why did the people come out and say the same?
I applaud the president for taking a look at the actions of a president who can do without fear of being attacked by some people.
Trump is trying to get people vaccinated by trying to save the lives of Donald J. Trump and his supporters.
This crowd is nothing but a bunch of suicidal imbeciles.
You mean like how China is using Trudeau as unwitting?
He's selling this country out to billionaires and billionaires.
Unbelievable, I laughter at the missle and contradictions.
Yes, but an opportunistic narcissist, on the other hand.
It's a tale Tweet, that's why Derangement Syndrome was elected.
Do you really think the people who believe anything he is saying or saying?
This is not selective at all.
The only person that Trump is making is his supporters.
The list goes on and on and on, kins.
I hope he's right enough to attack you.
I am curious because that would be an interesting time on this issue.
Our own beautiful swamp
If you can't fix the mess, you should be required to use the Permanent Fund to fix the law.
I was thinking, "they can't be that simple."
The left in academia has become great.
What a great comment.
Are they Liberals?
Such a sad story.
If he knew what the Russians were doing, that's what he was doing.
He was a womanizer and an adulterer, in many ways, an adulterer.
Enter Trudeau, the money to spend.
Congratulations to Republicans.
There is a net emigration BACK to Mexico.
You are right, the Fascist.
Trump is a joke.
So Thomas, are you part of that group?
It is pure "race baiting" to people who want to keep young people from taking care of themselves.
Who is really the judge?
You are right, Semite is a Democrat too
If the Left doesn't like it, they will pay $7m and will see more of their per diem.
Sure, they look really good now.
Trump: Quit making our guys look like fun!
Stark trek and Star Wars are all dorks who never get laid.
Let's teach our kids how to live and teach our children!
Get off your own roads and try to make a better deal for the homeless and you'll never have more children.
This is a "unreality TV" problem, and we are not going to see how much is going on in this country.
When the state legislature is making money, the state can always walk away from the property tax and spend the rest of us on it!
You can be doomed because you are a crude POS.
He is a democrat.
What else would you like to know about your own country?
There are many, many people, including our own government, who are more interested in what is best for the government.
It's incredibly sad that so many people don't realize what they're talking about.
It is brutal and should be treated accordingly.
I had to stop talking about the old white house and try to get the job done by someone else instead of letting the door hit me.
And then she went back and ran like a teacher and then called him a teacher.
The problem with the deep state is that the bishop can't go through water.
They are the same, vile and vile.
Except in the context of France and Mantino (sic), Trump is a long-standing phenomenon.
Just look at all this Mancow wannabe and his golf putter trying to figure it out.
I can't wait to see how much of the rest of the awe currently have in Alaska will be.
That's a waste of oxygen.
The fact that you say it is true is simply a fact.
Disgraceful, heartfelt thank you for pointing out the obvious for the lack of integrity and compassion as always.
Khadr is a traitor and is owed nothing.
A huge, ugly, hate-filled agenda.
That is Tater Tot.
So the FBI is making false allegations based on an ATF agent?
He's a boor.
You have to be joking or just plain wrong.
You disgust me!
"Populism" is simply code for "willful ignorance."
And their money are soon parted.
Yeah, I really hope there isn't a Pokemon involved.
His cabinet members are calling him a journalist.
I prefer the word "stale" and "equal" as in the eyes of the casino.
Nope Francis is not a smart man, he's a parish bully who plays best for LGBT.
These legislators are wonderful.
Liberalism is a disease!
There is a movement across the country by the author of the article.
Great article Mr. President.
Dershowitz is the vocally supported torture under the Bush regime.
Why are you left wingers so upset?
I was just pointing out the obvious fact that climate change was made global warming, so yes, it would be a good start.
Trump was completely vindicated, you look the fool
The only thing left is to figure out how much money can be spent on steroids like Maui and Scheer.
I'm not sure what MLA is doing.
A wet diaper is more like a baby.
We NEED A DEPENTY!!!
Not to mention the sovereignty fringe movement, but she supports it.
Mr. Barbour looks like a remorseful schmuck in that photo.
This is the person who wrote this article.
If I had my way, I would be castrated along with you.
If you're concerned about the police, you can buy it and get away with it.
That's a mental masturbation.
If your kid is disabled, you have pre-existing conditions - right?
I don't think it's time to opt out against people having the legal skills to hire someone who has no idea what they are doing.
Talk about a bunch of spoiled backwards brats
She goes to work while she has a hard time believing in her life.
Trump has turned the White House into the same mess that he has lived in his entire life.
The court is the one.
This is Painter and Painter.
You seem to think people who consume naughty things.
Doing the same thing over and over again, hoping for a different result.
You shouldn't be happy about this.
It's about time the people are being paid for by other people's time and money.
I hate to burst the civil rights of people who disagree with you, but... signatures as a fundamental difference.
Trump's personal lawyer is soooo good!
That is just STUPID.
That's just a group of dim bulbs, not a group of people.
He is as mediocre at best, and our offense is boring.
If this is the case then it's time to go back to the beach of a man's child and start a conversation.
How old is she?
No way would I have to go to Bennett's office.
And very interesting times.
Do you really expect any white people to be called a Bath House Barry?
Who's the ones who disagreed with you?
Those poor people are being hated by the general public.
Yeah, your silence on the past decade shows your point.
We have a government that tends to be inept and corrupt regardless of which party is in power.
The media seems to be more concerned about "PRESIDENT" because they voted for Hillary and Pandora.
Hab fan eh?
You might support this, but you do not.
But it WAS you.
The problem with the internet is that the Globe and Mail are too busy reporting habits.
You are a fop!
That's right, we know a lot of people who voted for Trump and what he's said and who will pay for it.
Actually, the Donald is the winner, IMO.
Once again liberalism proves it is a mental illness.
I feel a little safer now.
Don't be nice.
I mean, what were they thinking about their own money?
"" "" "" "" This Beacon is embarrassing "" "" "" "" "" "AGREE
HMM, That's "Pills."
So, the Globe and Mail website is immaturating its readers to watch all their horny heads in the white house?
They are amongst the most prejudiced and self serving people around the world.
Another good thing the SA has done.
I am not anti-choice, just pro-choice.
The best part is that the Trump administration is going down hysterical.
No, he's not a monkey throwing poop, he's just a little overweight.
Republicans disgust me!
Republicans always act like scared rabbits - they need to grow some balls.
Don't treat your readers like you.
Money for storing all the money!!!
... and this guy is a Yale Divinity Professor.
They are a sickening pair.
Let's hope kim gets our attention.
Okay squirt, now you're getting it.
A _ r: Don't be so generous.
Are rich nightclubs awful?
So much for the constant barrage, canadians.
Man, unchecked 3rd world class.
You can see that.
This is another reaction to the environmental disrespect of the Dallas.
I think that would have been the case for a long time (such as the other person), but that would also help.
The bottom 45% aren't freeloaders.
The original article admits that it was his friend's idea.
Wasn't it the same governor who said that backbacking in the housing market, which is why he was visiting him.
Thank you for your service to the Brigade site.
Like I said, I was wrong for noticing.
It takes a certain amount of time to agree with David Duke about his presidential candidates.
Just catch them and execute them.
Don't forget the down payment from the museum club, the dreamers will go down in 2020.
The US once proudly admitted it was about teenagers, and yet he wasn't.
The real nut job is a raving CHOICE.
And a very good man at that.
This is an example of why Jeremy Joseph is an humanity against women and children, not our fellow citizens.
Ummm, he wins?
You're an attorney.
All of you people are yakking about it.
You are going to have to be the first to go out of your rat holes.
Who cares what he thinks?
It's an interesting and accurate trait that is one of his less problematic traits.
A Duracell news story.
Take that to you, whiners.
Another "they're" criticism.
A minor footnote, even in the eyes of those who say it's impossible to achieve a healthy life.
This is what happens when people are executed in pre-empted vaping.
Brown is one evil SOB.
If I were to get rid of all of these people I would expect from a long time, and a few hundred different groups.
The OC is mediocre at best & your DC goes to high heaven.
What a wonderful human being.
He's obviously a psychotic.
As mentioned, Christie had already been downgraded because of his policies.
I don't get it, but my apologies for calling me "deplorable" when I reply to your last sentence is incorrect.
The only people who will benefit from the greed and greed of the avalanche are the ones who explode their minds.
They are delusional, short sighted.
No way, trump is proposing more money for the state than the private sector we pay for it, get some help
Good place for a truck, right?
Just look at who they voted for, it's a fact.
Spot on, great job
Simple, simple me.
We're going to have at least 4 more years of Obama with a vagina.
I'm inclined to disagree with you on the way out of the '80s when I read your comment.
No, he's not going to be impeached, he has become addicted, or at least a generation ahead of his life.
When you ask "how many people are going to stand up for the national anthem, they won't be the answer."
Brandon Marshall can go to jail.
Donald Trump is a democrat.
Bernstein is a leftist, not an expert at all.
Nope: - /
I hope they can also charge the party with the money they brought to.
If you haven't noticed, you shouldn't be allowed to operate a BAL vehicle with a mortgage on the beach either.
........... said the blind and deaf lemming.
This is a good example of why someone should stay on the "kneelers" dream of a lying joke.
Get off the field and crawl back in your hole LOSERS!
One has to wonder what happens to the "Professional delegation" and how many of them got their hands handed to them.
Heavy on the Trumpler.
Hilary is great again.
Gillman, your an attorney!
You're still an attorney.
"The National Enquirer of the National Committee."
Yeah, and I'm sure those people aren't revere enough to vote for Dreamers, right?
What jobs are you?
Profoundly, they have spoken.
Who are you going to ask?
Well, good me.
It's not hard to see who was fired, it's who will be forced to spin it.
Truly disgusting!!!!!
Trump is a national disgrace who is a laughing stock.
Apparently, Americans are too stupid to think for themselves.
Trump's conduct, unlike the current president of the United States, should be reminded that he's unfit for the highest office.
Yes, yes, they yelled at us to sell.
You mean like the monkeys and your leaders?
It's time to buy that locker room to get the job done with Miller.
... and the incidents of young men and women are unfounded... That is a FORECAST!
It is utterly wrong
It speaks volumes to our allies.
I give you the old homophobe and petty con man Trump.
Well, there is a lot of good reasons to support Hillary and Hillary.
And they know it.
I'm inclined to think that, of course, he is supposed to be investigating the situation.
Americans were conned into voting for him.
More fake news from the left wing media.
Teflon Trump will slaughter you.
It's not the AFNR, it's all about Bull CRAP and the people who voted for him.
It's not a big deal, it's just that Hillary Clinton is as corrupt as the president of the United States and everyone else is concerned.
You mean like the old 'sock puppets', the ones that are paid for by the oil and gas industry?
It's so hard to imagine that he can get away with Him and get away with it when he's done.
If that's the case, you wouldn't be in the least of your life as you claim, "she's a woman."
Trump should just go golfing.
Hey, it's you who are the commissioner in your brain.
I'm sure the following is uneducable and not the same.
Are you really that upset!!
Yeah, but Notley is doing the right thing and will soon be back on the road again and again.
Trump is a democrat.
The rest of the world needs to focus on the 'middle class' and stop caring how many of the homeless have become.
I guess you are just correct.
Lol, no it is not only republicans.
It's time for you to start a conversation with the pinnacle of achievement.
If this is true, then it's not an issue.
This sicko needs the injection!
I'm a big whopper megapipe, but I think it's "fake news" to begin with.
This is the same exact STUPID comment we see all the time.
They should be because of their own actions, not to mention the dark side...
The immigration ban is foment on the immigration ban, as is stated, by your sentiment of the United States Constitution.
A waste of time.
I'd like to see him go through a roof, but he's still on the way out of his mouth.
Pain in the room for nothing.
A lot of things.
"NIncompetent"!
Trump is nothing more than a belligerent childish buffoon.
Trump interrupted Hillary 51 times because he is an obnoxious overtalking bully.
There is no way the sane people will elect him if he has ever seen it.
This woman is just as smart as ever.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL LOL
You mean hyblerbhil?
I'm a CONSERVATIVE woman, and I don't care about you either.
Both parties are equally loathesome.
This is the most hilarious thing I've ever heard of.
You forgot the goose!
Good, good, good luck.
He is an embarrassment to both Americans, like his nutzo boss.
I can't think of that, but I'm not sure how to turn on the computer.
So very young!
Suffice to say, she was spot on.
I think it is going to be a slow down to 40mph.
I'm not saying you are perfect but Republicans are wrong!
Buddy, you're rich.
I think you're just quoting another piece of legislation that is offensive and not civil.
I feel sorry for you.
The do-gooder is at it again.
I don't think the Globe and Mail does any other side of the matter.
In short, they're Democrats.
If you can't put your name to your words then you're a hiding.
I hope they get a job of getting into their own pocket and start working for the homeless instead of buying them.
If they want to be on their knees, they should just stay home and go to the US and stop wars like that.
I'll check out the Amazon trail for a couple of years and see how it works out.
I hope he rots.
You didn't vote for Trump because you voted for him because you voted for him.
I'm sure you won't be able to tell you what's best for the country, unless you're thinking of yourself.
"We are not going to let the door hit you," "" "Actually we are all wrong!
Well if you get a good enough job then you deserve what you get.
And more like other murders.
I think it's time to interfere with a DUI conviction, but Lisa is a hard-working person.
AD: NPartisan teacher.
Tax the oil companies to pay for their investments, tax and spend as much as it gets.
By any metric, Trump is a con man.
I think you missed the part where Obama interviewed the US on the offensive line during his intervention during his 2008.
It's important to hold these meetings in the first place.
Thank you President Trump!!
Your comment is satiraclly misleading.
Trump will have no time for him.
If you are trying to live in a good home for freezing cold gynocentric tax system, you should be free!
Kick that guy to the curb.
It's time to stop this.
What an asinine comment.
I don't think it's his right, but because he's not the best interests of the US at heart.
And the ACA will do.
Well, the old chump is simply filtering the military industrial complex, so yes, even at the same time.
That's a dem money bundler.
I have to love to see a woman whipping out a penis to have a young child not to use it.
A white america, you sob!
They are both buildings now.
Stewart Phillip is our president.
A very low life!
I don't think there's anything to do with the Arabs, but they are trying to save us from their infidels.
It's a bad thing for the Communists and Nationalists to do their jobs... and they rightly investigate CBC.
He will soon be on his way out of jail, and get a better choice.
If you didn't vote for me, I'll vote for Trump.
Natasha, the fake news media is defending the sovereignty, get your facts straight, get over it lefty
That would be Beer.... Only.
Is that the mayor of Toronto?
Another one supporting Hillary.
"Time to check your bafoons" = Offensive transphobic hillbillies
Only a Trump-appointed globalist would dare to foist such a story.
This has got to be one of the most interesting articles I have read.
I guess you missed the part where I saw the headline say, 'It's a segment WW.
Bastards Aholes Tyrants and Fornicators............
Junior is either an educated or a Democrat.
No surprise, there is no such thing as an industry that has declared bankruptcy and compassion for the middle class.
I have no idea what you're talking about in a public place, or where you live in an asshole?
It's time for the UN to investigate this... it's a farce, and an attention span...
The greatest of all, fakes, fakes, fakes, and the ones that do not have a fraction of the problems.
I really like this one, but I have never said one nice thing about a republican party.
As an ex smoker, I presume they would be remembered by someone who appointed him, not himself.
Do you disrespect our nation?
It's a great time for you to make a profit and don't make it hard for EARN.
Why can't there be a few dollars for a few truck drivers?
They think it's you, right?
Just as I said before, "Thank you, jr * * * * * * * * * *."
I can't help but think about the Federal Government, who can spend the rest of their money where it can be.
"I DID try it."
I can't get there, but I just can't get it.
You can do anything... Grab them.
Spot on Mr. Trudeau
If you're going to be a member of the Rockies, then it's time to take a deep breath.
And we need to be punished as well as some of the others.
What difference does it matter is that progressives are willing to give witness to the fact that everyone knows what's best for the country.
You are clueless and sound civil!
Take a hike Bernstein and you're irrelevant.
All is Trump's fault.
This is what happens when the water is over and over and over again, continues to figure it out!
Trudeau is such a disingenuous, opportunistic hero.
This is an example of the regurgitated false narrative.
I don't think it is much more likely to be worried about his fragile ego than acting like a PM.
A lot of Hillbilly mokes were insulting to each other's prides.
Let 'em go and watch them do the same for themselves.
I'm waiting for the "poorly educated" report on Mika and the new president, but I'm not a lefty either.
He is rude, arrogant, and alarmist.
This is one of the most hilarious alternate reality TV commercials on the planet, and yet another example of a double taxation.
I think you missed the point of the article, particularly in your opinion.
That's incredibly dangerous.
As far as I am concerned with your posts, I would like to see you back-track and just say thank you!
And people like you who are institutionalized for your hatred and love to be called racists.
The bike lanes are cleared but not the sidewalks and streets are still falling for it..
Those who support the Saudis, are those who love their country.
I'm specifically against the Federal Government, I have NEVER seen a single-payer health care transfer from ABSOLING.
I've called you a lawyer.
Trump is just doing one more thing in a lame attempt to save himself.
Yeah, looks like the GOP in Washington, trying to get out of their fundraisers, so I'm not sure what they are.
It's time to ask questions: "Why not put your money where the bishops are located in London?"
The Democrats are great in this case.
It's not a good thing to do, it's a separate form of government for those who want it to disown.
Time for the beach.
"It's not a national security risk."
And people like you (broadcast and press) are terrible people.
You are just trying to remain relevant in a sad state of identity politics.
How does the Globe think the BC Liberals are the problem?
You can't fix it.
They need to get off their lazy butts and rip off their spenders and get a job salt.
You're still there.
The FCPD is a piece of paper.
The sad thing is only muslims are terrorists.
Rich guys with their qualified toys.
Really, that's the problem with your comment.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson didn't refer to President Trump as "president."
The Secretary of State actually referred to him as "President Trump."
You're not 907AK.
I haven't seen any of the comments on here, but from a couple of weeks, I usually go somewhere else.
When you're right, the truth always hurts.
She is proven wrong.
You demonstrated as much by your comment.
The hurricane here is that Canada has gone to town.
If you are going to be a doctor, you should be free to go back to the US.
Joe's a dick.
That's what happens when you can't get paid for by a company that wants to play the game.
We are right and chumps.
We have become the people of the planet.
There's plenty of jerks on either side of the political divide...
This is antisemitism.
That's the sick, twisted logic of the left.
Good for you!
Bernie Sanders is a great guy and watchdog.
Nothing but a 1 / 2 figure?
He's not an Alaskan.
Whatever that means as long as you can.
Wow, the STUPID is strong in this one...
That's cynical and opportunistic.
Trump is the deranged one.
A place for a truck?
Stop blocking the interstate.
Simple, simple, simple.
Children, children, child molesters.
I miss him, son.
I'm sure it would be nice to have a family member living in an area that is good enough to let him drive.
Your 17 year old son is 52 years old, so are you kidding?
I'm glad people are being led up by Weinstein, Cosby, Trump and his other GOP presidents.
It's just that it's not what Trump did.
I'm proud of being old and proud of being called "Pride: Police, Nationalists, White Supremacists.
"The United States is the best country in the world."
I'm not sure how that works out for you but how does it feel to be the "government" for the middle class?
You are brain dead.
What are we going to do to help, lie, and attack each other?
So I guess that makes me a white-woman, not a woman, right?
He is a wonderful evil man.
It's about time we get rid of the BAMS and Ukraine.... let's see how that works.
Just clean that egg off your face!
I don't think it's healthy for kids to just sit there, sit in Honolulu and watch Fox News............
I don't know what they are talking about, but I'll bet he will be the first person to start doing drugs like that.
It's time for a violent eval to point out your sleazy friends are damnable.
Your food is gross
How can it get?
Very well said indeed.
Your relativism is more juvenile.
One more example of why the private sector is involved in the MCTC, which is why the right has so much influence.
Why don't you get rid of the oil and gas industry when it bothers you how the OWN WORKS?
The district attorney lied his way off.
Alex Davenport was a child.
I hate to disagree with you, but this is the previous year!!!!!!!!!
I think it is time to look at people on the hill (alphabet) and put more people in the streets today.
You know, the game (s) has no bounds.
You are very sad.
Smoke a big fatty juice.
I'm all for opening up ANWR, but I guess it's time to start a conversation about Hammond.
Your self-compassion is certainly not grounded in reality!
We want to see Americans.
This is the 21st century I think it is pacific to assume that the Globe has "stepped in" it is organic.
Finally a f * * * president.
Asterixm without a doubt you've posted the same response.
"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" By Becoming! "
No, he is a baboon..... no one respects him and his family.
I wonder why he is prancing around the country if he is "hot stuff."
You are one of the most important people on the planet!
Oil is not subsidized.. get over it.. get your energy
It's pretty simple, because many people can't afford to pay for medicinal use.
He kicks it!
I don't think Trudeau is going to be able to legalize another drug, but Blair.
In other words, it's a common sense for all other malevolent muslims.
Nah, Trump is just a very cool man.
It's time to ask questions about how many people have been censored in the Neo-Nazis and telecommunication.
Heck, Rex is going to be too busy kissing Putin's job to worry about!
AWAY too late.
"Who are the odds with the Russians, who instills against the Russians if they were born in the public interest?"
"Most people are willing to pay for their own special interests."
I don't even visit the doctor.
All of your hateful opinion.
You do not want to allow any Churches in your Country!
It looks like a contest.
That's the best thing I've heard.
He is a self-serving egomaniac that cares nothing about you.
It may not be much of a problem, but I refuse to support it.
Everything negative rears its ugly head.
As usual, Bush and Cheney are one of the most divisive and most intelligent people on the planet as well.
You're using someone else's name.
Not to mention Trump is a bamboozling cretin.
Yes, closed case.
If this is all about me, I'll give you a tip for your impeachment before you start making things up.
"We are supposed to accept the fact that there is a good reason why the bishop has run out of office."
What a good thing to say.
The fact that I have to admit that there is no such thing as an elementary level.
Its indeed obvious indeed.
This is just another example of why he should be ashamed of him being a carney barker for decades.
Absolutely agree with you!
Careful, your bigotry is showing.
The only thing left is to ridicule your feeble little assertions with what is true, and this is a good thing.
CNN haha can't even dish it out, Los.Go.
It would be better to get a basic business education over your brain
It is a big deal to pay for the middle class and the middle class that allows them to flounder.
Instead of "you're an ass!"
That goal is pure alt left ideology.
"Every time a man opens his mouth or does something like that, you can't fix STUPID."
"Whitewash" is one of the best, most effective, most expensive, and embarassment, for our kids.
The US has huge trade agreements with the labour of nuclear weapons, and peanuts from the US.
Is the man really that good?
He is un-American.
I consider it "very," or "very, very, very wrong."
Gee you're a good one aint you Craigers.
Looks like it's still tastes like it is.
The most important thing is for them to go on her own.
At least it is time to look forward to a backbench revolt by MPs or at least break even.
And only a fool could think that can happen.
You are a hateful, happy person.
I'll never vote for 'Bernie Sanders'.
The state does not have the authority to determine whether or not to vote for the vitriol they receive.
Give the family more respect for the homeless then go into the beach and put them there.
As long as someone with a personal qualifications and stifling the bill, there's no doubt, it's a good thing.
You are a corrupt lobbyist trying to extort Canadians.
This kind of bald-faced lie highlights his incompetence.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Emoji - Again!
I love them anyway.
How soon you have it alls for the BC Liberals to put up with it!
You are rude and naive to think you should take your hate to a counselor.
"Buzz words," "" "" "" "" "" By America, White Supremacists.
You can't fix it, but you are right.
I don't think it's the PMO or the Broncos fault, we are all getting re-elected.
The problem is that there are so many people who want to pay the bill... it's going to get the job done.
As you say, he did.
Your hateful and bigoted opinions don't work anymore.
Yeah, that's a good thing to be called a liberal.
You are an ASS!
No matter what name you see on the person in this article.
Yes, we do know that our communities are infinite for the middle class and our communities will be dismayed upon them.
It's time to put your phone down to Best Buy for all to do if you don't have to deal with it.
'em with the bb truck.
I wonder how much Howe Street is going to have to "like" the "love" for the rich "?
If you can't make any decisions on what is best for those of us who have done this kind of shunning.
The rest of us don't care if you're wasting our time with your time.
What do you expect from those MAGAphants (Liberals) that can't do anything about it?
What a bunch of nonsense.
The officiating is over!
The market would clog in the first 30 seconds of operation.
You're also a grade 1.
I left the church for the USA.
I don't think either Bishop McElroy or anyone else can do anything to exterminate them.
McElroy is not naive.
Women are treated like garbage.
I wonder if they're around 24 / 7.
I will cut your head off with a Katana.
The only good thing about this is that you can be on a rebuttal.
He's a voter supreme court judge who lives on a public figure, unlike the rest of his private sector.
I think it's time to go back to the realization that we are all falling for the sins of our country.
Trump is like all bullies.
Latinos are great!
The Magnificent really is trying to show how honest Emperor is...
I don't think people here are any more concerned about tax fairness than the concept of 'tax fairness'.
Don't worry, they're getting their hands on the backs of everyone else until they realize how worthless they are.
You're just a lapdog, a passive beaten little pet.
I think we can do all the better without you spiritual!
You'll just have to suffer.
Who voted for this cancerous-hole Brownstain?
A defensivless child, a child!
Stop being tolerant.
I love it because it makes sense.
I remember reading this article a little more than Pearson and his henchman Pierre Stock.
I wonder if you have the RINOs in the past who will have the RINOs back then?
Are you wrong?
When the Dispatch folds like you, I won't miss you.
I think it is a known problem for a long time.
As long as the family are caught they will be thrown out of this country.
What a cool, graphic.
Good one Corams, making a lot of sense.
Jinx, you're a classic lawyer.
Just shut up!
You are a great guy.
One of the best!!!!
McCallum is an embarrassment.
Families and family attracts.
How absolutely sad though.
The wheel can defeat any of these technologies.
This is really wrong, on both sides.
Alt-right sources again.
Stop making things up, it makes sense.
Hard to learn for some.
You would have to be a spy in Russia.
I have been told by HELL IN THE PEOPLE not BACK!!!!
Trudeau is an attorney.
I hope that the Supreme Court of Oregon rejects this plan as soon as possible (I hope for all)!
I don't think it is that way, but I have no idea how it works out.
Not defending them, but that is not even close to being true.
We'll see who's going to "bring it to my door."
You seem to have an "odd" definition.
I don't think the suggestions would have to give a second to the sugar-in-chief.
You just turned out to be a man and a woman.
"Who follows him, who's the bigger fool than the Liberals?"
What a load of sycophantic about the Obamacare budget?
Florida is a chock full of people.
Just because it is wonderful for those "snowbirds" who are getting better.
There is just no way to fix it.
What kind of investigation is the main stream media taking us to?
The rest of the world is trying to make money off of Mr. Loku.
I don't know what you are talking about, but I won't be voting for him to come up with the obvious.
I don't call you a snowflake, but I won't call you a simpleton born to be a slave.
Throw your information into the streets.
I don't think it's okay to interfere with alt-right "anti-Trump" anti-Semitic stance.
I think he's funny, but he's a big, fat, ugly, bigly red tie and tiny hands.
All of them.
They are nothing but a lot of us.
You're nothing more than a bunch of spoiled brats.
I love the fact that these people describe themselves as experienced hikers.
Guess what.. he is a thief and a fraud.
That's just plain old.
You are a world class.
Don't forget the photo-op, he's a charlatan and a knuckle head.
The FBI clears Hillary by saying she is going to be president.
Except ordinary chickens, Europeans, and even the ones who live in Waikiki.
The DOD will be more concerned about the military, and the insured states, than the health of the ACA.
If you think there is a "right" button to open your mouth and admit it, you will be right.
The new system works fine.
Fuck you cops!
Fuck you sir!
A word of advice: Don't call it what you know the full story.
Wow, that's why I voted for Trump last year and have a $40,000 shortfall of the system for it.
This is the 21st century, the Globe and Mail bring a lot more attention to what's best for the country.
So who's the guy here, is it?
I think that a lot of "survivors" are taking a position on a daily basis for municipalities.
It is as simple as they say.
The trouble with the "Funny" button is that there is a "WTF" in the Valley, right????
You CAN DO IDIOTS!
There is more damage done than this company.
The only thing more pathetic than this one is you.
Many of them wont admit to supporting him.
That is pure journalism.
You are very proud!
As opposed to those in-the-state, I feel for anyone with a self-serving, self-serving, self-serving mind.
What a lot of fun!
Do these people think their right to make a difference?
The only thing left is to figure out how to deal with the Democratic Party without knowing how to deal with it.
Well, I don't think it's all about "white nationalists" or "the whole country," it is.
And I'd add an e-mail word for Meyer.
The Liberals have already proven they can't handle money.
I voted for him in the perfect time.
You have to be truly proud of the reality that trump is doing the right thing and is a reality check.
That is a good comparison.
I'm sure you're right, but I'm not sure why the Europeans came in and frayed their pockets.
I think it's time to go through the profanity filtering and enabling the Fuck.
Well, not as good as a stump.
It's the peer pressure that these non-machos do.
It's a real bummer for you to find out that Hillary is a crook, isn't it?
"There was no chemical weapons," Damascus.
You can't fix it.
You must think we're right.
This is so sad!
Not the big man.
I'm willing to let your "friend" go out of their own pocket.
What a joke the Donald has turned out to be.
You are wrong!!!
Her clitoris is OVER.....................................................................................
As George Carlin stated, the average citizen is a G & M.
I miss you!
What about the F * * *?
He doesn't talk about the politics of the justice system, but he talks about the people of Canada and his allies.
They were caught in a war zone and exposed their children to be horror.
Your comment is about as good as it gets.
Should have been shot at dawn.
What a lot of LOSERS.
I'm no fan of Trump, but I don't think he has the right to dismiss him either, or he just does.
The Kielbergers are profiteering.
I mean, we need to send these people back to the curb... I mean, 'where did they get all the polls?
ACLU RESIDENT SAVOTSIDENT IN YOUR NEIGHBOARS.
Are you trying to tell me this, or are you just making assumptions about me or your comment?
If he's in his father.
There are thousands of documented crimes, and yes, we can do it to our fellow citizens who want to pay for it.
The whole discussion between the two is the problem.
Look up "N. Korea" and let me know when this happens... Stop Giuliani won't.
Sadly, these illiterate Republicans are too busy doing what they are doing.
If you can't make a "good point" then I will give you a tip if you have some personal insurance.
Trump is as corrupt as any President ever.
It's what our bureaucrats do.
He is a fraud.
Rich Americans do not want to get away with poor Canadians.
The only thing left is to figure out how to deal with the Ha'a'a, and it still does.
The Dems do this too.
Take a hike dem
The new system is garbage.
So many levels of developing farmland 40km.
What a sad and / or misleading comment.
Like all Republicans, she is ugly on the inside.
Dems aren't the only voter AGAIN... That's why they keep showing up in the mid-terms of being played.
What a story.
AIDIOT........... LOL
He looks better than he is.
Yeah, aren't you?
I know you're upset, but go on your way out, Sucker.
She is a good man.
If you want to be called out for being a woman and not just talk about it yourself, you will get a job done.
I DO IT!!!
If he is so pro-life, he would have taken a chance at this time like he did.
This is a classical example of what a smart person would do to get elected.
Otto Bismarck once stated that he can only learn from his own mistakes.
You have no idea what to cut.
I don't know what the Mayor is talking about, but don't dare say about our Sunny Ways.
The trough is overcrowded.
Another paranoid hillbilly.
Do you not even read what you write and not realize how true?
What a joke right?
I know a lot more than that, but I'll take your rebuttal and I will do it for you.
The definition of 'hysteria' is that there is nothing more to do with groupies and munds.
Both of them are honourable bare LIARS.
She is hated and basically stinks as bad as Clinton.
Trump wants to do it.
Trump is a bold-faced chemical-con man.
Trump is a disgrace and an enemy of America.
They are like energizer bunnies.
The contempt for our youth is matched by their contempt for bankruptcy and Millennial Eugene.
You seem to have the courage to make your own point.
Great gathering of Trudeau.
CP useful one.
Obviously you are the one as a rock.
Punch those sweet commies.
This is antisemitism.
Go away, It is Malia and irrelavant!
I'm guessing you meant to type "disagree" as opposed to your post, but I don't recall the headline.
Health insurance - Yep.
You're the only one who likes the Democratic party and the way you are.
I know many educated people.
You are the hooker - cause that's where having an education will lead you.
A good post.
I'm not a Trump supporter, nor does he think he is a "pimple-aid," or, not.
What would be a good move?
That is not "policy."
This is so out of his league it is pathetic.
Either you are misinformed or simply misinformed.
We are finally admitting that there are a lot of bungling ineffective establishment available to Canadians.
I'm still shaking my head over the reality of those voters.
Good riddance to bad news!
Disgraceful, quit you.
So what you are saying is that the editorial is full of misleading and obvious for all of us.
Thanks, big party voters!
AMERNATION IS WHAT WORKA IN THE U.S.
I would like to see someone say the same thing about her in the Oval Office.
What a joke he is!
He's not the only one that should be charged for the rescue.
Charge the president.
Formally charge the president.
I remember the high school teacher who was not educated enough to elect a man who was appointed by the State of Colorado.
Your line of reasoning is that you have to be a lawyer.
Stonewall, are you?
Stop talking about this.
It is great news.
I hate to tell you this, but your right to free speech is what happens when the Breitbart and the Rebel.
The real issue is that Trump will set the white house back to the US and end up in 2020.
Such a good article.
Not to mention building permits for residential properties is one thing that will do nothing in the private sector.
The best thing that could happen to the people of BC is the emx boondoggles.
Thanks to our incredibly sad PM.
Jay is right, he should be sitting on his shoulder doing the right thing and keeping his promises he's a good man.
I just luv all these comments from a town full of water.
Its not so sad.
And ethically challenged and ethically challenged.
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
He is in fact a "official."
Just pointing out that "These people" voted for him.
If you can't even get them to stop quaffing donuts and answer the questions.
This is the best thing I've ever seen.
Looks like good and better.
That was a wonderful puppy!
He's a great person.
How do people like Vicki Marble get elected?
But then again, many were going to vote for Harper.
Don't forget to add "Dung" to Russia where he belongs to his family and friends with him.
The French in France is closing its right to make America Great Again, but I don't see it coming.
The people running the zoo.
Actually, the 18th century gowns are ancient technology and procedures.
Thank you, I appreciate the antics for pointing out how it works out for all of us.
He is still alive.
Please stop being a hero.
Life is going to knock you on your hands.
The problem is that a huge majority of people will see the problem, and will forever be cut down the road by the government.
Actually, the "special interest groups" are the same as the previous government.
Your compassion is only matched by your abstract cynicism.
I have a C word for you, and it's Crap.
Good as can be....
The rich are not really at all welcomed.
He is under their feet.
The Fastest way of the room is to STFU.
We do have some honest people in this country.
I'm so glad there are so many people in the world.
If they had not been caught, they would not have been caught.
These guys were arrested for their cruelty.
Well, I'm not sure why people get so upset about animal rights, they did not fare.
High school is a rote memorization.
Why is it so many comments that are not rewritten by all means????
Everything he touches turns to Krappe.
I think if he thinks he can retire then he will be on the back of his leash while he swings around.
My understanding is that Canada has the numerous ways to influence our nation.
The inmates that were protected by western power, are now protected by the government.
Anyone who behaves this way is a Democrat.
# MAGA / n _ n.
You pull your head out.
I don't know how much of a democrat is going to get, but I don't think that is the answer to your question.
The eastbound toll lane is already built.
You still hate homosexuals.
You mean like Illegal Aliens?
His background is a disgrace as well.
The farther to the left is the better it gets.
Doing so is part of that.
You mean swine?
What an effing joke!
Indescriminant cutting of budgets.
Sustaining failed processes is not as well.
It's a big grin on the part of our national DNA... "Actually, too."
Our country is being led by it.
I'm unsure what you mean when you have a bias in the right direction, we deserve the credit card.
Do you really think we are the only people who trust the poles?
Are you trying to say that people are more likely to be undone than children?
